xmit-00-timeline.txt

 June 2014 
Su Mo Tu We Th Fr Sa 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 
 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 
15 16 17 18 19 20 21 
22 23 24 25 26 27 28 
29 30 


2014-06-04 Wed
 Lust starts


 * xmit-01.txt 2014-06-07 Saturday, early morning, just after midnight
 Susan and Mike:
 Susan, overwhelmed by lust, wakes Mike - they fuck passionately for the first time in decades. First ever blowjob. First time she has tasted herself. First time he has come on her.
 Karen Baker
 Karen masturbates with her vibrator, Henry, while fantasizing about Rosa
 Danny Baker
 Danny's jerking off is what has Susan and Karen going. It started a month after he recovered from an unexplained very high fever

 * xmit-02.txt Saturday morning
 Mike goes to work on Saturday
 Wardrobe malfunction - Susan flashes Danny, unintentionally, he gets horny she feels the effect
 Susan learns that Karen and probably Danny have been having feelings similar to hers.
 Susan and Karen discuss Henry the Magic Wand.
 Danny goes to mow Mrs. Maxwell's lawn, is still aroused and erect, meets Erin who is at least as much affected by her fantasies about sweaty men as by Danny's power

 * xmit-3.txt Saturday afternoon
 Susan explains the circumstances of Danny's conception to Mike.
 She shows him the vibrators she bought, including one for Karen, and describes her conversation with their daughter.
 She has just started using her magic wand for the first time, while Mike watches, when Danny comes home. Instead of closing the door to preserve his wife's modesty, Mike covers her with a sheet, which he tugs down to re-expose her tits, and steps out of sight, leaving her for Danny to discover. He does. She comes

 * xmit-4.txt Saturday afteroon
 Picks up immediately after xmit-3.
 Danny watches Susan come, then flees to jerk off.
 Susan gets fucked by Mike and the result is life-changing. 
 Susan become Mike's slave, as the only alternative to becomming Danny's whore. She tries to blow him and swallow every drop, but fails, earning additional punishment for her failure.
 Mike orders Susan to get her pubic hair waxed by Wednesday

 * xmit-5.txt Saturday evening
 Mike and Susan discuss. Susan blows Mike.
 Susan teases Danny, then confesses to mike. He declares her punishment for failing to swallow every drop - 15 spanks for the first time plus 5 for the second
 Realizing how Danny's power is affecting her relationship with her husband, Susan unashamedly hugs Danny and tells him she loves him, before supper
 Karen calls Rosa to apologize and considers being more than friends.
 Karen fears her mother's wrath over the vibrator Susan found in her bedroom that morning, until she walks into the lust Danny is generating after Susan's hug.

 * xmit-6.txt Saturday night
 Chinese food for supper.
 Karen masturbates in the bathroom during supper
 Mike punishes Susan for teasing Danny by making her help Danny clean up after supper wearing a wife-beater and panties. 
 Karen discovers vibrator Susan bought her, texts Rosa.
 Karen is in shower when Susan is helping Danny with supper. 
 Karen gets text of Rosa's tits. Orders Rosa to send her picture every hour, the next day, while at a wedding. Masturbates to massive climax and screams out loud.
 Susan and Mike fuck. She blows him with a perfect swallow for the first time.
 Danny hears Karen scream, when he comes. Wonders about Susan's flashing and skimpy clothes, but falls asleep with the thoughts half formed.
 Susan goes downstairs to lock up, naked. Find Karen's panties in the bathroom. 
 Karen goes downstairs looking for her panties, also naked. Susan watches her, while sniffing them, and has a mini-fantasy about waiting to suck Mikes cock after he has fucked their daughter.

 * xmit-7.txt Sunday
 Erin calls Danny to come help her with Liza's things.
 He hugs his mother, kissing her cheek for the first time, before leaving, aroused by the tank a panties she wore.
 Erin plans to make Danny work until he is sweaty, the offer him a blowjob as a reward and to indulge her fantasy. But he arrives already sweaty and horny and, after meeting him in an obscenely tight top and yoga pants, she drags him into the house. They fuck and suck for an hour before Danny finishes.
 Danny wakes several hours later. Erin is still naked, with a bite-mark on her tit.
 Erin accuses Danny of drugging her.

 * xmit-8.txt Sunday, Monday
 *Sunday
 Danny is depressed because Erin accused him of drugging her.
 Susan give Mike blowjobs, studies the internet for sex tips. She and Mike discuss telling their children what they know, on Monday evening, after she has spent a day at the office, away from Danny, and her thoughts are as clear as they can be.
 Rosa sends Karen 25 erotic selfies, every hour from midnight to midnight. They have erotic text conversations. 
 Karen masturbates with her new vibrator but denies Rosa's request to get herself off.
 Susan looks into Karen's room, at supper time, and sees her daughter sleeping on top of her blankets, with her phone and vibrator at her side. She says nothing and lets her daughter sleep.
 *Monday
 Rosa arrives and asks if she can continue to call Karen Mistress. Karen tells her to strip and kneel and then says the answer is no, until she has been punished for being late with one picture, stripping to quickly and calling her mistress, repeatedly, the previous day.