
Susan woke up, alone, and panicked. Where was Mike? Why was he not beside her? She glanced at the clock; it wasn't even 7:30. Mike liked to sleep in on the weekends.

Last night had been... It had been the best sex she and Mike had ever had. Even better than her night of shame. And being able to share it with Mike and climb into to bed and lie next to him, feeling his warm skin against hers, made it even better still.

But what must Mike have thought? She had never behaved like that.

Had he left, in disgust?

Pulling on a bath robe, Susan went looking for her husband.

The instant she saw Danny, she remembered how she had screamed, in the middle of the night, and blushed. Maybe he hadn't heard. Maybe he had been sleeping. After all, he was still recovering, the poor boy.

Still blushing, but moved by the memory of thinking she might lose her son, Susan stepped into the kitchen, said, "Good Morning," with forced cheerfulness, and bent to give him a kiss on the forehead.

Susan felt an immediate rush of arousal and warm pleasure, very much like what had eventually driven her to wake Mike, the night before. She felt her nipples tighten and, glancing down saw that her robe was gaping open. Danny might not be able to see everything, but he was certainly getting an eyeful.

So why was she taking so long to stand back up? Why was she getting such a thrill from letting him see her.

Susan had to force herself to slowly straighten. She tightened her belt and, unable to look at her son, turned to pour herself a cup of coffee.

Danny watched his mother's back and mentally cursed his damned dick. He had looked down at his bowl, as soon as he realized what he was seeing, but the vision of ivory breasts, swaying freely under her loose robe, was burned into his memory. He had even seen her areolae; only the very tips of her nipples had remained concealed. And now he was going to be hard all morning - possibly all day.

After that first glimpse, as his mother had lingered and Danny had struggled to keep his eyes downcast. He could have seen even more, but she was his mother, for Christ's sake.

When Danny finally gave in and looked up, his mother was already standing and turning away.

Trying to take his mind off of his traitorous dick, Danny said, "I saw Dad, not too long ago."

Susan's heart skipped a beat.

"You did?" Was the best she could manage to say, between her embarrassment over flashing her son, the guilt over how it had made her feel, and her concern about Mike and how he felt about the night before.

"Yeah. Apparently, there's some huge emergency, at the office. He was on the phone for a long time and, finally, had to go in."

"He did?" In her relief, Susan almost turned around to give her son another kiss. Or was it something else? Just the thought that the reason she might wanted to kiss her son might be to give him another peek down her robe was enough to root Susan in her spot.

She had to stop thinking about what Danny had seen, or she was going to do something stupid. That aching, burning need was coming back. It wasn't as bad as the night before, but it was definitely the same feeling.

Twice, already, it had made her lose control. The first had almost ended her marriage, even if the second had resulted in the best night of her life. No matter how bad it got, she had to hold out until Mike got home.

Susan didn't know why the intense feelings had returned after so many years, but if they were going to be a regular thing, she had to make sure she kept them focused on her husband.

Blushing, her nipples tight and her sex starting to swell and moisten, Susan considered the possibility of having sex like that, with Mike, several times a week. With a smile slowly spreading across her face, she decided that she could probably live with that.

"Mom? Are you okay?"

Susan jumped, dropping her full coffee mug, which shattered at her feet. Gingerly, she tiptoed away from the shattered mug and spreading puddle of coffee.

"Are you okay?" Danny repeated, his voice now full of concern. Glancing at the mess of the floor, he declared. "You're bleeding. Sit down."

He was already was up and behind her, with a chair. Susan sank onto it and, seeing the spots of blood, on the floor, suddenly felt the sharp pain.

While her son unrolled paper towels to soak up her mess, she gingerly pulled a small shard of ceramic out of her toe.

"Are you cut bad?"

Suddenly, he was standing in front of her.

"Not bad," Susan said. "Just a prick."

"I'll get a bandage."

It was all she could do to control her laughter, as Danny opened the first-aid kit. Just a prick, she had said. Well it had been just a prick and it had been right in front of her face.

She knew it wasn't possible, but it was almost like he took after Mike, as impossible as that was. It hadn't been just a prick. There was no "just" to what had been outlined, behind Danny's zipper.

Was he that hard because he had seen her? That must be it. The thought both thrilled and terrified her. She had to press her robe down between her legs and grit her teeth to keep from pulling it up, when he knelt to put a dab of antibiotic ointment and a bandaid on her big toe.

"I'll clean this up," he said and, without waiting for her reply, bent to clean up the mess she had made.

"Do you still want coffee?" Danny asked.

"No. I think I'll go lie down. I'm tired."

"Okay. I think I might go take care if Mrs. Maxwell's yard."

"Danny. You do remember that.."

"Yes, Mom. I know. She died, just before I got sick. There's nothing wrong with my memory. They tested it at the hospital, about a thousand times, remember?"

"Then why go?"

"Her grass is still growing, isn't it? I mean, she was always so proud of her lawn and her flower beds. I would hate to think of her looking down and seeing them get all overgrown." Besides, he didn't say, I have got to get out of here or I'll never get your tits out of my head.

"Oh. Are you sure you're up to it?"

"I'll take it easy, don't worry. And it's still early, so I'll beat the worst of the heat."

"Okay. If you're sure."

Susan went to her bedroom and, after cleaning the kitchen, Danny headed out through the back door.

-

Susan stretched out on her bed and stared at the ceiling. The memory of the rush she had felt, when her son saw her breasts haunted her. The aching need she had felt was gone, but even the memory of it made her nipples ache. And it was all she could do to keep her hands off of herself. 

She hadn't masturbated since she had learned how evil it was, when she was just a teen. Of course, oral sex was evil, too, wasn't it? Yet, she had thoroughly enjoyed pleasuring her husband, that way and...

She picked up her phone and reread the text message conversation she had just had with Mike.

"Danny said you had to go to work," she had sent. "How long do you think you will be?"

"Things have gone to hell in a bucket. Pretty much everything is back up, but cleaning up the data corruption will probably take until late this afternoon. Sorry."

"That's okay. Do what you have to do." Susan had thought long and hard before adding, "I hope you're not too tired, after I kept you up, last night."

Mike's nearly immediate response had made her sigh, in relieved pleasure. 

"You can keep me up like that, anytime you like."

"Actually, I wish you were up like that, right now." 

Susan blushed, hardly able to believe she had sent that. 

"Me, too. Maybe tonight, I can do for you what you did for me."

Was he talking about using his mouth, down there? She should be disgusted, but all she felt was excited anticipation. 

Now that Mike had returned his concentration to his job, thouch, Susan was struggling to keep her mind off of her son.

Thank God he's not home, she thought. 

She heard Karen coming down the stairs and roused herself. It was time to start her day and hope that keeping busy would help keep her thoughts pure, or at least keep her impure thoughts focused on her husband. 

After taking a quick shower and dressing, she went out to greet Karen, who was sitting on the sofa, watching TV and eating a bowl of cereal. 

"I wish you would eat at the table." Susan's comment was made out if habit, and she knew her daughter would shrug it off. 

"Hey, Mom," Karen said, while doing just that. "Did you sleep well?"

From the grin on Karen's face, Susan guessed that her daughter had heard her scream, the night before. She could feel her face redden, but tried to act normal. 

"Fairly well. I'm going to do Danny's laundry. Would you like me to throw yours in, too?"

Karen was certainly not going to pass up an offer like that. The standing rule, in the Baker home, was that everybody did their own laundry, even her dad. But it wasn't surprising that her mom would spoil Danny, a little bit, after the recent scare. So why not take advantage?

"Sure, Mom, that would be great."

Karen watched her mother head upstairs and turned her attention back to the television. 

She didn't give her mother a second thought until she heard, "Karen, what is this?"

Her mother was standing at the foot of the stairs. On the floor, in front of her, was Danny's laundry basket, on top of which, Karen's clothes had been piled. In her hand was Henry. 

"Where did you find that?" Karen asked, embarrassed and indignant.

"I decided to make your bed. It was in your blankets."

Karen blushed, her indignation washed away. She had forgotten to put Henry away and had even given her mother permission to go into her room.

A hundred lies ran through Karen's head but she wasn't a chiild, anymore. Bracing herself, she decided to tell the truth.

"That's Henry."

"Henry?"

"It's a vibrator, Mom."

"What?" Susan asked, genuinly perplexed. "A muscle massager?"

"No," Karen sais. "I mean, that's what is says on the package, but that's not what women buy them for."

"I don't understand," Susan stammered, her sudden blush revealing that, no matter what she had just said, understanding had dawned.

"No," Karen said, suppressing an urge to giggle. "It's for masturbating, Mom. You know - a vibrator,"

"I... I thought those were shaped like...like penises," Susan finished in a harsh whisper. 

"Some are," Karen explained. "But not Henry. It's called a magic wand."

"You mean you put this in your cunt?" Susan gasped, staring Henry's bulbous head, which was nearly the size of a tennis ball.

"No!" Karen exclaimed. She would have laughed if she wasn't so shocked at her mother's crude language. "Henry is just for the outside."

"Okay..." Susan slowly replied, her forehead furrowed. "Um, why do you call it Henry?"

Karen shrugged and smiled, weakly. 

"It makes me feel so good, I thought it deserved a name."

"It really feels good?"

"Oh, yeah, Mom," Karen sighed, remembering her recent pleasure. "Especially last night."

Susan's eyes narrowed. "What about last night?"

"I don't know. I mean, for some reason, I've been really, um, horny, the last few days. And last night was the worst. I could hardly stand it."

"You, too?" The blush had left Susan's face, leaving it pale.

"Yeah," Karen chuckled at her mother's shocked expression. "There must be something in the air. I mean, I heard you and Dad. Well, you, anyway."

Trying to ignore her daughter's impish grin, a blushing Susan stammered, "I think it affected Danny, too. I...I found some tissues, in his trash."

"Eww," Karen said, nose wrinkled. "I did not need to know that."

"Sorry," Susan said. "It's just odd, don't you think, that we were all extra...aroused, on the same night?"

"Like I said," Karen replied, "there must have been something in the air, I guess." She did not add, "Or Rosa kissed more people than just me."

"Maybe," said Susan, sounding unconvinced.

Picking up the laundry basket, she handed Henry to Karen and headed for the utility room. 

Karen watched her mother leave, confused less by her bemused expression than the fact that the secret of Henry was out without yelling or even a lecture. 

She was even more confused when, just as she was about to leave for work, her mother confronted her, in the kitchen, not to give the conspicuously absent lecture, but to ask a question that Karen would not have ever expected. 

-

Susan thought about Henry, a lot, as she started the laundry and bustled around the house, doing mindless chores. 

She might have given her daughter the talking-to of a lifetime, if she wasn't so stunned and concerned by the thought that Karen had felt the same urges as she.

The memory of what she had done, the first time she had felt that way, and the pain she had caused, haunted her, daily. The very idea that something similar could happen to her daughter made Susan reach a surprising conclusion. 

She was glad that Karen had an outlet; a way to satisfy her desires if they threatened to overwhelm her. 

It wasn't much of a leap from that conclusion to catching her daughter, before she could leave for work, to ask what had suddenly seemed to be a very important question. 

"Where did you get it?"

Karen gave her a blank look. 

"Your magic wand Henry thing. Where did you get it?"

Her expression changing from blank to embarrassed, Karen hemmed and hawed, for a second or two, before admitting, "Most people order them off of the Internet. But I was afraid to have it delivered, here. So I found a place, over by the University. It says it's a 24 hour news stand, but mostly what the sell are...adult things."

"They let somebody your age in?"

"Mother!" Karen exclaimed. "I am nineteen years old."

"Yes. I suppose you are. Now, where is this place?"

"Do you know where that McDonald's is? It's on the opposite corner, diagonally across the intersection. "

"Oh," Susan said. "Okay. Thank you."

Susan watched her daughter back her car down the driveway. As soon as Karen was out of sight, she grabbed her purse and headed for her own car.

-


Danny tried to focus on poor old Mrs. Maxwell's lawn, but despite several weeks of overgrowth, his mind kept wandering back to that momentary glimpse of his mother's breasts. He knew it was sick, but he couldn't get them out of his head and his dick had been hard for so long that it had progressed beyond aching to outright pain. 

He didn't even notice that he had company until he had to pull up short to avoid running down a petite redhead, with freckles across her nose and emerald green eyes that were open wide and staring at him, like a deer in headlights. 

Danny released the kill lever and, when the noise of the engine had died, said, "Hi. I'm Danny Baker. You must be Erin."

The woman's forehead wrinkled. 

"How do you know my name?" She asked.

"Oh, Mrs. Maxwell had a picture of you on the wall in her family room. She had pictures of all of her grand kids. She told me your names, once."

"And you remember all of our names, after she told you once?" the woman asked, with obvious suspicion.

"Not everybody's," Danny replied. "I just remember yours because, ah..." Danny hesitated, he couldn't tell her he had committed her name and face to memory. Or that he knew that she was a thirty two year old, up-and-coming lawyer who was too married to her job to settle down with a man. Or, most especially, that he never forgot her name because of how often it had appeared on the marquee in the theater of his imagination.

"Because?" Erin prompted.

"Oh. Um, sorry," Danny said. "I guess I remember it because it's unusual and such a pretty name."

"I see," Erin seemed to take his statement at face value. "What are you doing?"

Danny looked down at the mower. "Um, mowing? I'm sorry I let it get so long. I've been a little under the weather."

"I see," Erin said. "How much do I owe you?"

"Owe?" Danny had never charged Mrs. Maxwell. "Nothing. I'm, um, I'm sorry, you know, that she died."

"Oh." Erin's eyes flicked down Danny's body and, suddenly, she backed away. "I... I have to go."

Turning her back, she ran into the house. 

Danny looked down at himself and scowled. He was wearing old gym shorts, which were nice and cool, but did a shitty job of supporting his dick, without a jock strap. They did next to nothing to conceal the erection the hadn't abated, at all, since he had glimpsed his mother's tits. 

Blushing, Danny turned his attention started the lawnmower and tried to keep it from bogging down in the over-long grass. He wanted to go home and escape the embarrassment of not only having disgusted one of the prettiest women he had ever seen but the humiliation of knowing that he had been hard for his own mother. He was still hard and, every time he noticed, he remembered the reason and his dick throbbed.

It was going to be a long day.