Danny woke up early, the next morning, spooned against the back of a naked woman.

He took a deep breath, relishing the smell of Erin's hair, pulled her closer with an arm around her waist, and pressed his stiffening cock against her ass.

"Good morning," Erin murmured.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to wake you up."

"You didn't - not really. I'm usually up, before this. But, since I won't be going to the gym and office, I've been half dozing for a while."

"Oh." Danny tightened his grip around Erin's waist and pressed his now hard dick against her ass.

"Maybe later," Erin chuckled. "Okay?"

"Sure," Danny said, trying not to sound disappointed.

"I don't suppose you have any coffee."

"Sure. Of course." Wanting to keep Erin naked for as long as possible, Danny bounced out of bed. "You wait here and I'll go get some."

Aware of, and embarrassed by, his first lover's amusement, he took a pair of elastic-waisted shorts out of the drawer and pulled them on, over his bouncing erection.

"Wait here. I'll be right back. Okay?"

"Sure," laughed Erin.

The staircase that led down to the first floor had fourteen steps. Danny touched three of them, on his way down to the kitchen.

There was still fifteen minutes before the timer on the coffee maker would switch it on, so Danny tapped the brew button and stood back to wait.

-

Susan slipped out of bed and pulled on a robe. She had heard her son hurtle down the stairs but, even more distinctly, she had felt his radiating arousal.

She slipped quietly down the hall, towards the kitchen. She had something planned for the day that, while not actually for Danny, she thought he might appreciate on his special day. But to get the full affect, he would have to have a "before" mental picture. And this, she thought, when she saw him, alone in the kitchen, wearing nothing but a pair if loose shorts and his distinctive aura, was the perfect opportunity.

"Good morning."

Danny jumped and, turning, said, "Hi."

"Are you having a nice birthday, so far?"

Danny grinned. "Hey, that's right. It's my birthday. I forgot."

"How is Erin?"

"Good, I think. I'm going to take her some coffee."

"That's sweet."

She watched him pour coffee into a couple of mugs.

"Before you go," Susan hurriedly said, when she realized that he was about to leave, "can I show you something."

"Sure... Wow!"

A small part of Susan's mind said, "I should have told him to put down the cups, first. It's lucky he didn't drop one."

A much larger part wordlessly relished the hunger in his eyes, the rising shaft in his shorts, and the wave of lust that rolled over her as, holding her robe open like a flasher in the park, she exposed the entirety of her naked body to her son, for the first time.

And, for the first time, a tiny, solitary voice in the back of her mind, where her most animal urges originated, started to chant, "Fuck him. Suck him. Fuck him. Suck him."

-

Something wasn't right. Erin didn't know what it was, but she could feel it in her bones. Something was wrong and, whatever it was, it was big.

Throwing off the blankets, she jumped out of bed and cast around for something to wear. Settling on a old, worn t-shirt and a pair of flannel boxers, which she found in Danny's dresser, she set out to find an answer.

She turned the corner, at the bottom of the stairs and froze in her tracks.

From where she stood, she couldn't see much of Susan - just the back of her head, one hand and her feet and ankles. The rest of her body was hidden by the white bathrobe she was holding open.

On the other hand, Erin could see plenty of Danny. His eyes were riveted on his mothers body, his mouth was half open, and his cock was tenting his shorts, obscenely.

"Oh, my God!"

Erin's heart was pounding in a chest so tight she could barely breathe. Susan's head had snapped around and she and her son were both staring guiltily at her.

Didn't they understand? They wore expressions that she imagined were typical of a mother and son caught behaving so inappropriately. As if she gave a rat's ass about what they did. Susan had flat out told her that she had already intentionally exposed herself. Erin had no desire to marry Danny, or even to be his girlfriend. She knew she had to have the pleasure he gave her, again. That was why she had come to his house, the night before. And that was why, once she learned that she merely had to be near him, instead of begging for whatever drug he had used, that she had all but forced herself on him.

"Can you feel him?" Erin asked.

"What? I don't..." Susan, clasping her robe closed, had turned and was now facing her.

"Can you feel him?" Erin could hear the overtone of panic in her vice. "His power. Can you feel him?" She closed the distance between them and, reaching up to overcome the difference in their heights, grabbed Susan's shoulders. "Your son. Can you feel your son?"

"Yes," Susan answered. "Of course. Can't you?"

Erin shook her head, sharply, once to the left and once to the right, looked up into Susan's eyes and wailed, "Nooooo."

She couldn't feel his power. The power that manifested itself when he was aroused. She couldn't feel it, anymore. That's what was wrong, in bed. He had certainly been aroused. Erin had felt indisputable evidence of his arousal, pressed against her ass. But that was all she had felt. And again, when she saw him looking at his mother, Erin had felt nothing.

Hands were rubbing her back. Erin realized that she was in Susan's arms, tears streaming down her face, sobbing.

"What's wrong," she heard Mike's voice and turned bleary eyes his way.

"I can't feel him. I finally fucked him and now I can't feel him anymore. I think fucking him made me immune and I'll never feel ..."

She broke down and buried her face against Susan's chest.

After a moment if thought, Mike said, "That can't be right. I mean, last night wasn't your first time."

Erin backed out of Susan's arms, sniffed, and said, "What do you mean?"

"I mean," Mike said, "that, if having sex with Danny made you immune, you wouldn't have felt anything, last night."

Erin sniffed, again, and, stepping across the kitchen, took one of the mugs that Danny still held. After taking a couple of sips and sniffing, once more, she smiled.

"I probably would have felt something," she said and, her smile transforming into an impish grin, as she turned her attention to her young lover. "He fucked me for almost an hour. But you are right. I certainly felt his power, last night. Does this always happen?"

Danny answered. "I don't know. You're the only girl..."

"Woman," Erin snapped, automatically, and then, sheepishly, explained, "I'm sorry. It's just that, when you're a thirty-two year old woman in the body of a twelve-year-old, and you're bucking for a partnership, you get sensitive about being called a girl."

"I'm sorry, too," Danny countered. "I just never expected my first time to be with a real woman."

The wonder in his eyes made Erin feel warm, inside.

"Real woman works," she muttered. "Thank you."

"Do you have any plans, for the day?" Mike asked.

Erin shrugged, turning away from Danny, to face his father. "Not for today. I’ve finished my inventory of Grandma's house, but I'm not flying back to Chicago until tomorrow."

"Would you be willing to stay near Danny, today?" asked Mike. "We're trying to figure out how this all works and it would be good to know how long your recovery takes."

Erin smiled. "I could do that," she said, then her smile took on a slightly sinister quality. "As long as we all understand that, once I do recover, I will almost certainly need relief, again." She gave Mike a pointed look, and then turned to face Danny, who was blushing like a radish.

"Understood," Mike immediately agreed.

"Danny?" Erin continued to stare at the embarrased, blushing boy. "Do you remember what you agreed?"

Nodding, Danny mumbled, "Any time, any place."

"Actually, I believe my exact words were whenever and wherever, but you seem to have the idea. In the mean time, what would you like to do, this morning?"

"I was going to mow..."

Susan cut her son off. "Not on your birthday."

Smiling, Danny did not try to explain that, since he would just have to mow it the next day, it really didn't matter. Instead, he said, "I guess my calendar's open."

"How about if I take you out for breakfast?" Erin offered.

"Sounds good to me," Danny said.

"Um, Erin?" Susan asked. "Can I have a word with you?"

-

Danny watched, with unfeigned interest, as his mother and Erin walked away. Erin had just stood there and hinted - no, she didn't hint, she flat out declared - that the two of them would be having sex again. Not that Danny had had much doubt - after all, she had made him make the anytime, anyplace promise. But that had not been in front of his parents.

It was odd. A week ago, he would have cringed, fully expecting the wrath of Susan Baker to fall on his head like several tons of bricks. Today, knowing that his mother had heard Erin declare her intent just made him more excited. And, as he watched the two of them walk away, the main thought running through his head was a desire to see his mother's ass. 

"Maybe mowing isn't such a great idea," Mike said. When Danny turned his attention to his father, he added, "You should stay near Erin, as much as possible. Within range of your power. In the same room, whenever possible. Keep track of when she starts to respond." 

"Okay."

"And, if at all possible," Mike added, "try to think about things that will keep you at least somewhat aroused. You know, so you keep broadcasting."

"That is," Danny said, "the strangest advice you have ever given me."

"Yeah," his father flatly agreed. "But if you wait a day, I'll bet I can top it."

"Top what?" Danny's mother had returned, closely followed by Erin.

"I was just telling Danny that, no matter how strange things are, today, they're going to get stranger, tomorrow."

"Is that a problem?" Susan asked, untying her robe. "Should I stop doing this?" 

"No," Danny said, openly staring, as his mother flashed him, for the second time that morning.

"Not at all," Mike agreed.

"I like strange," said Danny. 

"Strange is good," said his father. 

"You really can't feel him?" Susan asked Erin. 

"Not a thing."

"Wow! Standing this close is like being near a bonfire. I can feel the heat of him, on my skin." 

Stepping up beside her young lover, Erin put an arm around his waist and said, "You should feel it when he is pressed up against you."

Susan snapped her robe closed. "Mike, please come with me. I need your cock before we leave for work. Erin, could you take him away before I... Please take him somewhere."

-

Susan looked down at Mike's grinning face and sighed with relief as she felt Danny leave, a few seconds after she heard the back door close. 

"That was close, Mike. It's so hard to resist him."

"You know that if you can't, I will understand."

"Oh, God!" Susan groaned. "Don't say that. I could never do that." Despite her denial, her hips gyrated more forcefully, as she rode her husband. 

"What about your birthday plans?" Mike reached up and squeezed her tits. 

"That's different. I can do that for him. I just can't fuuu..." Susan's sentence trailed off as her husband pinched her nipples, pushing her unexpectedly over the brink. 

"Bastard!" she panted, as the pleasure was fading. She rocked forward and kissed her husband. "Are you close?" She whispered. 

Mike nodded and she slipped off of him. 

Susan didn't understand her sudden obsession with oral sex. Hell, she was obsessed with all sex, lately. Even when Danny had been sulking in his room, she and Mike had fucked like newlyweds. She loved being stuffed by his prick but couldn't remember the last time he came in her. She loved to fuck her husband but could not seem to resist finishing him with her mouth. 

Maybe it's the nastiness, she thought, as she lovingly licked her juices off of his staff. Maybe some inner cocksucker that I have been repressing for years has broken out and is making up for lost time. 

She had to stop her philosophical thoughts to concentrate on her technique. Last night, after finally getting to enjoy the intense, extended fuck that she had been missing, while Danny was making Erin scream, she had finally been able to master her gag reflex. It was time to find out if she could do it, again. 

Raising her ass into the air, so that her mouth could properly align with her throat, when she lowered her upper body, she tilted her head back, opened her mouth, stretched out her tongue and...

Yes! He slid smoothly into her throat. It didn't even bother her when he grabbed her head and bucked his hips, driving his cock deeper and crushing her nose against his pubic bone. Mike was fucking her throat and that suited Susan, just fine. 

The only problem was that she didn't get to taste his cum, since he was already pumping it straight into her stomach. But the feel of his prick, pulsing against the back of her tongue, more than made up for the loss. Besides, they would already have to rush to get ready to leave for work, and this way would not leave a mess.

-

"Do you really like my tits?" Erin asked, as her rental car backed down the driveway.

Danny's sigh answered her question just as well as his, "Oh yeah." The recent memory of Erin's small, naked breasts, as she had dressed in front of him, made a grin spread across his face.

Erin frowned. "That might be the strangest part of this whole thing. I mean, you were looking at a much better pair than these,” she squeezed one small mound, through her top and bra, “not fifteen minutes ago."

"Mom's tits aren't better than yours," Danny argued. "They're bigger, but not better."

Erin snorted. "They're perfect."

"Yeah," Danny agreed. "But so are yours. They're just perfect in a different way."

Pulling to a stop, at a traffic light, Erin staring at Danny for a several seconds. "You really mean that, don't you?"

"Of course," Danny said.

The car behind them honked and Erin turned her attention to her driving. After about a block, Danny interrupted the thoughtful silence. 

“I don’t think that going out for breakfast is such a good idea.”

”Why not?”

”Because, all I can think about, right now, are your tits and maybe I shouldn’t be around any strangers.”

Erin laughed. “You’re right. So, what would we do instead?”

”Maybe we can just drive around until Mom and Dad leave for work. And then I can make breakfast for you, at home.”

”You have magical sex powers, you like my tits, AND you can cook?”

”If French toast counts as cooking,” Danny said. 

“Count me in!”

-

"I was furious with you, last Sunday."

"I know," Danny replied, meekly, dropping his eyes to stare at his plate, instead of his dining partner. 

"I was also pretty furious with myself,” Erin continued, disappointed with his shift of focus. “You see, I have a fetish for sweaty men. I had never indulged it because I had too much to lose by getting involved with a working-class man. The only sex I had had, since I graduated from high-school, was always with somebody I had specifically chosen to advance my carreer. Even the eleven months that I was married were to somebody I thought was on the fast track for a parnership."

Erin took another bite of French toast and sip of coffee and glanced down at her naked breasts. Eating topless had been her idea. And, even though she was not the least but aroused, she enjoyed his obvious attraction to a part is her that she had always thought worthless. And breakfast just wasn’t as much fun if he wasn’t ogling her. 

"When I pulled into my grandmother's driveway and saw you mowing her yard, it pissed me off. I was upset because she had died. I was upset because of the hit my position in the firm was going to take because of the time it would take to be the executor of her estate. I was upset because the second bothered me more than the first. And there you were, disturbing the quiet of her house and I was going to put an end to it. And then I got close to you and my emotions took a sharp turn toward lust. There was still anger, there, but the closer I got to you, the hotter the lust became."

"That was my power," Danny sighed. "I'm sorry."

Erin put her fork down and, crossing her arms over her naked tits, gave Danny a solemn look. "I thought about this alot, last night, and I have come to the conclusion that, although the outcome would have been different, I would have called you on Sunday morning, regardless of your power. You were pretty much my own personal wet dream - or would have been if you were twenty years older. Your shirt was drenched with sweat; your arms and legs gleamed with it and it was dripping from your nose and chin. And your hard cock was so obvious, in those worthless shorts, that it was postively obscene. I wanted to jump you, right there in the yard, despite your age."

She chuckled. "That's something else. If you had been a thirty-something year old man, I would have found you just as attractive, but I never would have called you to come back. Even though I had never been particularly attracted to younger men, in your case, your age was the deciding factor in my decision to call you, on Sunday morning. You were young and safe. I didn't plan on fucking you, all I wanted was to get you to work, until you were sweaty, and then suck your cock.

"Everything about you was wrong. I did not know you. You were far too young. Sex with you would not even have a chance of a long-term benefit.And I don't even like giving oral sex. But the combination of all of that wrongness, along with the memory of your delicious sweat, made some inner part of me rebel against myself. And then you showed up, already flushed and dropping." Erin shook her head. "I could not have resisted you, if I wanted too."

”I guess that makes sense,” Danny said. “And with my power, on top of that...”

”Yeah. I was pretty much doomed.”

”Especially after I saw how you were dressed!” Danny added, his enthusiasm bringing a grin to Erin's face. 

Baring herself to him, again, she lifted another bite of syrup-laden breakfast to her mouth. 

”Did you like my outfit?”

”Oh, yeah,” Danny sighed. “But...” 

“But what?” Erin prompted, when his sentence tailed off.

”I was going to tell you not to wear it in public. But I don’t have any right to tell you what to do.”

”Don’t you?” Erin asked. 

“Of course not. You’re not my property. Your just my...” 

Again, Danny failed to compete his sentence, so Erin did it for him. 

“Girlfriend? Lover? Fuck buddy?”

Danny shrugged. “I’m not really sure. But you’re not my...”

”Slave,” Erin cut him off. 

“Right,” Danny agreed, nodding. 

“Maybe not,” Erin said. “But I could be.”

”What?” Danny gasped, confused. 

“If you decided that you wanted me to be your slave, I don’t think there is anything I could do to stop you. I might resist, for a while, but having experienced the pleasure of being with you, I couldn’t do without for very long. If you want me to be naked, kneeling at your feet, that is what I will be, eventually.”

”No,” Danny protested. “That’s not what I want!” 

“I guess that's a good thing,” Erin said. “As long as you don’t decide you don’t want me, at all. I would much rather be your slave than try to live without you.”

”Shit!” Danny said. “I’m sorry. I’m so sorry that I fucked up your life.”

Erin stared at the boy, half her age, and thought about her life, up to that point, and the destruction of the future she had expected. 

”I don’t think you did fuck up my life. You fucked me, that’s for sure, but my life...” Standing, Erin circled the table and, when Danny started to rise, to meet her, pushed him back into his chair and sat straddling his lap. 

“My life was fucked up before we met. I was working seventy and eighty hour weeks, failing to fuck my way to the top, and miserable. I hated going to the office, in the morning. I hated going gone to my empty home, at night. I hated being alone and I hated being with somebody else.”

Leaning forward, she brushed her lips against Danny's. 

“I am happier, right now, that I have been since before puberty. I am really looking forward to the rest of the day and especially when your power kicks back in. I would do anything not to lose looking forward to that.” Erin leaned back, a little, to better look into Danny's eyes. “Anything. If you want me to spend the rest of my life naked, I will gladly burn all of my clothes. If you want me to have your name tattooed on my cunt, I will. If you want me to fuck all of your friends or turn tricks with strangers, I will. I am, for all intents and purposes, your slave, already. And I will certainly never wear the clothes I seduced you in, in public, if you don’t want me too. Not that I would have, anyway.”

”Jesus, Erin,” Danny said. 

“It’s true,” Erin replied, with a matter-of-fact shrug. “And you deserve to know.” She bent and pressed her lips to his, sighing through her nose when his hands slid up her bare back. 

