As usual, Danny was up early, on Sunday morning. Despite how wiped out he felt, at night, after jerking off, he was actually sleeping less than he used to and woke when his sister left for work, at 5:30 that morning.

As he lay in bed, trying to decide whether to get up, or not, he started thinking about his mother's sudden change. 

From his point of view, she was the only one that had changed.

Danny didn't really spend much time around his sister. She was more than three years older than him and they had never been particularly close. They didn't fight, or anything, but they had only spent one year at the same school, since elementary and, being a freshman while Karen was a senior, he hadn't seen much of her. After graduation, she left for college and he saw even less of her. Even with classes out for the summer, her job kept him from seeing her as much as he might, not that they were ever likely to hang out together.

He might have noticed some changes in his father, if his mother didn't command all of his attention, when they were around. Even if he had paid much attention, what was normal behavior, when his Mom seemed so unconcerned about her body? Maybe Danny might have expected his father to get angry, but his mother had always been the short tempered parent.

As for himself, Danny was aware of two things that had changed, since his illness: the sudden decrease in how much sleep he needed and how much harder it was to get himself off. Last night, he felt like he might explode, and it still took nearly an hour to get off, even after seeing his mother practically naked. 

So, as far as Danny could tell, his mother was the only person that had changed. And her change wasn't limited to suddenly not caring if he saw her dressed in next to nothing. She had openly and cheerfully stated that she had been masturbating. In fact, she seemed more open and cheerful, in general. 

Maybe that was it. He knew that, while he was sick and nobody knew why, there had been talk that he might not make it. So, maybe his mother had decided that life was too fragile to worry about trivial stuff. That might explain both her lack of concern and her almost constant cheerfulness. Of course, it was still quite a leap to his mother thinking that modesty was trivial, but what other explanation could there be?

Wishing he could just jerk off and go back to sleep but not wanting to spend an hour, or maybe more, trying to finish, only to crash for another hour, at least, Danny sighed and got out of bed. 

There was one benefit to not being able to jerk off in the shower - Danny was able to go from laying in bed to bathed, groomed and dressed in less than ten minutes. 

Later that morning, after eating several bowls of cereal, Danny was in the family room, watching TV, hardly thinking about his mother's tits, at all, when his phone rang. He answered on the second ring. 

"Hello?"

"Hello. Is Daniel Baker there?"

"This is Danny," Danny was trying to think of who called him Daniel. Nobody named Erin. 

"We met yesterday. I'm Liza Maxwell's granddaughter, Erin Green."

"Oh, yeah. Sorry."

"I am at my grandmother's house, sorting through her belongings."

"She did have a lot of stuff," said Danny. 

There was a snort of nervous laughter. "Yes, she did. Which is why I called you. My grandmother spoke highly of you. She told me you were a hard worker who never accepted any money."

"Well, I started mowing her yard as part of a youth group project and couldn't accept payment. After that, the precedent was sort of established."

"I see. I appreciate what you did for my grandmother and was wondering if you might be willing to help out once more."

"Sure," Danny said. "What do you need?"

"Like I said, I'm sorting through her belongings. I could really use a hand."

"I would be happy to help," Danny replied, cheefully. "When would you like to start?"

"As soon as possible," Erin answered.

"Okay," Danny said. "Let me tell my parents and I'll head on over. I should be there in fifteen or twenty minutes. Tops."

"Tell me what?" 

Danny jumped, startled by his mother's sudden appearance behind him.

"Oh," Danny said, catching his breath. "That was Mrs. Maxwell's granddaughter, wondering if I might be willing to come over and help sift through some of her stuff."

"Are you going?" Susan asked.

"I was planning on it."

"Okay." 

Danny's mother almost sounded disappointed, so he asked. "You didn't have anything planned, did you?"

"Not really," Susan answered. "What time will you be home?"

"I don't know," Danny said. "Probably not until after lunch. I guess it depends on how much there is to do."

"Okay. Take your phone."

Danny was about to leave when a thought occurred to him. Remembering the hug his mother had given him the day before, he spun back around and quickly took her in his arms.

"I love you, Mom. I'm glad you've been happier, lately."

"I love you too," Susan said, pressing her body against her son's. "Don't be too late, okay?"

"I won't." Danny gave his mother a quick kiss on the cheek, the first time he had ever done so, and went upstairs to change into something other than pajama pants.

When Danny came back down, his mother was standing in the kitchen, sipping at a cup of coffee, and he felt his dick stiffen at the sight of her. She had removed the bathrobe that had made her look like a normal Mom, a few minutes earlier, and was back in the tank top and panties he had seen her in, the night before.

She gave him another full body hug, which Danny gladly returned, along with a quick kiss on her cheek, before leaving.

Remembering how embarrasing it had been to be seen in his old gym shorts without enough support for his dick, Danny had dressed in cargo shorts and nice, new, supportive underwear. With a slightly too-large t-shirt that sort of hung on his skinny frame, his overall look was far from the classical image of male sexuality. Somehow seeing his mother's scantally clad body made him eager to see Erin, again, and he rode as fast as he could.

Danny realized that he should have ridden more easily, when he rolled into Mrs. Maxwell's driveway. He could pause, for a minute or two, to catch his breath, but there was nothing he could do about the sheen of sweat that now covered him.

-

"I can't believe I'm actually doing this," Erin told her reflection. 

The 32 year old lawyer was not attracted to younger men. She was attracted to money, power, and sophistication; which usually translated to men 10 or more years older than she was. 

At least, that was what she told herself she was attracted to. It was what she wanted to be attracted to. But her dirty little secret was literally, just that - dirty. The truth, which she rarely even admitted to herself, was that it was sweat and dirt and grime that really made her panties damp. 

She had slept with three partners or senior partners at the law firm that had hired her, out of college. None of them had exactly rocked her world and when the latest, that prick Bradley, had failed to come through with the high-profile case he had hinted could be hers, she had had decided it was time to break it off with him, and now that she was earning a reputation, probably look for a new job.

Erin wanted to be attracted to those men, she wanted sex with them to be wildly exciting, but the truth was that, ultimately, it was sweat that thrilled her. When she saw a man working outdoors, his face glistening, his clothes wet with perspiration, it made her pussy clench.

It had been that way since she was a teenage girl. Whether she told herself she was attracted to money and power or admitted what really excited her, it was always older men who caught her eye.

So, when she had pulled up to her grandmothers house, to deal with the unpleasant past of being the executor of her will, and had seen a young man mowing her yard, her intention had been to chase him off. But she had felt her nipples start to tighten even before she was close enough to see the sweat on his face, arms and, oh God, his legs. By the time she was face to face with the boy, it had taken every shred of her willpower to stay on her feet because what she wanted, more than she had ever wanted anything before in her life, was to drop to her knees, release the cock that was straining at his shorts and rub her face in the sweat of his crotch, thighs and balls.

Their short conversation had been a torture and she had wound up retreating to the house.

She could not be attracted to a fucking high-school dweeb. She could tell, just by looking at him, that he was the sort of boy she would have turned her nose up at, back when she was his age. She only dated seniors, when she was an underclassman, and college men, when she was a senior. She would never even have looked twice at a short, scrawny, limp-haired loser.

So, why had she come to her grandmother's house early that morning and dug through her desk looking for the address book and the boys phone number? She knew his name was Danny Baker because her grandother really had gone on and on about him and how nice he was, which had always made her feel guitly; she knew she should spend more time with her grandmother, who always seemed to see the best in her, but her budding career was too important. And why had it been so hard to have a normal conversation with him, on the phone? He was just a kid. This was so stupid!

Looking her reflection over, one last time, Erin wished, for about the millionth time in her life, that she had bigger tits. Or any tits, really. Her's were so small they hardly even jiggled when she did jumping jacks. She didn't even make up for it by having big nipples. After coming up with this ridiculous plan, she had tried on half a dozen tops before finding one that was both tight and thin enough to satisfy her. The yoga pants, on the other hand, had been simple; she had picked out a pair in electric blue that had been perfect. Unfortunately, in her lust addled state, she had decided to go a size too small without trying them on and now she could clearly see not only the outline of her labia but could also see the shape of her neatly trimmed pubic triangle. She should change into something else, or at least put on a skirt, or something. She looked ridiculous.

Her opinion changed when she took a last glance at herself, in the full length mirror at the end of the hall. She had been horny, more or less constantly, she she had seen Daniel, the day before, but the urgent need she had felt, while facing him, had gone away, until now. She lightly touched herself, running the tip of a finger up the crease in her shorts, and the doorbell rang.

She could feel herself getting hornier, as she hurried to answer the door.

The plan was straightforward. She would work the kid until he was good and sweaty and then offer to pay him with her mouth. It was a win-win-win situation: she would get to finally indulge her unrequited love of sweaty men, the kid would get a blow-job from an older woman and, as an extra bonus, a little work would actually get done.

The plan went out the window when she opened the door.

He was already covered with sweat and she could feel herself start to leak when his eyes raked up and down her little body. He even stared at her barely-there tits.

"Jesus!" she hoarsly declared.

"What?" Danny asked, startled, as he jerked his eyes away from Erin's camel-toe.

"Um. Come in," Erin husked.

"Sorry I'm so sweaty," Danny said, sheepishly. "I guess I rode over here too fast."

"You look great!" Erin said, while clenching her pelvic muscles - intensely aware of the boys sweat covered body, the bulge in his shorts and the spandex pulling between her labia. "Please come in." Mentally adding, 'Before I rape you on the porch,' she grabbed him by his sweat-slick upper arm and tugged.

Nodding, Danny allowed himself to be led into the front room where he had spent many afternoon's visiting with eighty year old Mrs. Maxwell. His morning with her thirty-two year old grand-daughter would not be the same. 

Erin couldn't bear it. He was covered with sweat! Her nipples ached. Her clit ached. Her vaginal walls were practically rippling. She had to live out her fantasy, get this kid off and get him out of the house before something horrible happened. It never occurred to her to simply give up on her fantasy and just send Danny away - while it might have been possible for her to back out, five minutes earlier, that was no longer an option.

Erin had rehearsed an elaborate story. After working him into a dusty, sweaty mess, she was going to tell him how much her grandmother had thought of him and how happy his visits and the work he did around the house had made her and work around to the idea that she had decided that such sweetie behavior deserved a special reward. 

Tossing that plan out of the windown, she opted for a more direct option. The moment the door was closed, she dropped to her knees and clawed at his shorts. 

"What are you doing?"

Without looking up from his shorts, which she had already unbuttoned and was about to unzip, Erin gasped, "Blow job. Sweaty blow job. Sweaty, sweaty blow job. Yes!"

Crying out in triumph, Erin yanked Danny's shorts and underwear down to his ankles and, taking his cock in her fist rubbed her face against his balls. 

It was incredible. He smelled so good - like clean, honest sweat. And when she took his balls in her mouth....

Erin couldn't stand it, any longer. She grabbed her pussy with her other hand, forcing slick, wet spandex into her opening, and frantically stroked his cock. 

Warm fluid covered her fingers as she came.

It was so much better than she had ever imagined. But it wasn't enough.

Letting his balls fall out of her mouth and releasing his cock, Erin leaned back, crossed her arms and pulled her top over her head. "Naked!"

With his mind realing at the speed with which he had gone from ringing the doorbell to having his pants around his ankles and his cock stroked by a beautifully sexy, tiny little readhead he had only met once before, Danny stared as Erin's tiny little tits came into view.

"Naked!" Erin repeated, glaring at him. "Get naked and fuck!"

Danny's eyes widened, as he watched the now topless redhead fall back onto her butt and struggle out of her bright blue, skin-tight pants. 

His mind struggled to believe that this was really happening, but Danny's instincts had no such problem. His hands and feet acted in unison, kicking off his shoes, pulling off his t-shirt, and stepping out of his pants. 

Erin was faster. By the time Danny was pulling off his socks, she was kneeling on the front edge of the sofa, facing the wrong way, with her knees spread and her forearms resting on the sofa back. She looked over her shoulders to urge the boy to greater speed but she was only slightly more eager than he. He was already crossing the room, his rampant cock bouncing, his eyes fixed on her ass. She spread her knees a bit farther, arched her back and rotated her hips forward, inviting him into her. 

Danny was a virgin. He had never been on a date; he had never kissed a girl; he had never even held hands with one. But he was a twenty-first century teen. He knew what went where. He had seen hundreds, if not thousands, of cocks fucking an equally large number of cunts. Almost afraid to touch Erin with his hands, as if that might break whatever spell was causing this, he used a thumb and two fingers to angle his cock down, into position, and line it up with her opening. 

A man with more experience might have gone more slowly. Danny didn't hesitate. He thrust most of his cock into her in a hard thrust that, under different circumstances, would have been painful. 

All Erin felt was pleasure. It was, without a doubt, the best thing she had ever felt. She threw her head back, let out a wordless, animal roar, and came. He wasn't even fully in her, but she came. 

Danny had no idea. His total sexual experience was watching porn; and so he pulled out and slammed his cock back home with a slap of skin on skin as he buried himself to the root in her.

Fifteen minutes later, Erin came, again. Not for the second time, or third, or even the tenth. She had lost track of the number of gut-wrenching orgasms that had washed over her. Eventually, when she thought she might die from the pleasure, she had looked back over her shoulder at him. He must have sensed her fear because he had immediately stopped and asked, "Are you okay?"

"I... I can't..." Among the many things that Erin couldn't do was form a complete sentence.

To his credit, Daniel - she had stopped thinking of him as the boy, or that damned kid, the first time she came with his cock in her - had gently withdrawn, sliding his cock slowly out of her. She could almost feel his eyes on her. Her lewdly displayed cunt must have been quite a sight, so wet that she could feel her own juices running down her thighs. 

"Can I... Can I, um, lick you?"

He asked so sweetly, so innocently, that she had agreed - nodding her head, when words failed her. 

He was back there, now, on his knees, behind her, lapping inexpertly at her dripping cunt. 

Erin was far from innocent. She had fucked at least a dozen men, since she seduced her first professor with her naive freshman act. Some of the rich and important men had been very proud of their technique in all things sexual, including cunnilinguis. Erin had always enjoyed their attention and made sure to make suitably appreciative noises, but all of the talented tongues she had ever felt, combined, couldn't compare to Daniel's amateur lapping.

She came again. 

Coming on his mouth wasn't like coming on his cock. The orgasms were intense and would have been the best she had ever had, if he hadn't fucked her.

Still, they were nice. Very nice. Really incredibly nice. 

She came, again. 

As her latest orgasm was winding down, Erin rolled away from his tongue, onto her side, then twisted around to sit facing him. 

"Is something wrong?" Danny asked. "Are you okay?"

Erin nodded, gravely. Words could not express just how okay she was. 

"Kiss me." She grinned in triumph at putting two words together.

Daniel knee walked, sideways, toward her and Erin spread both her arms and legs, welcoming the dear, sweat man into her embrace.

-

Danny had lost his virginity in an intensely dramatic fashion. He now knew the joy of being deeply buried in hot, wet, tight flesh. He had tasted his first pussy, relishing the musky, salty, tangy taste. But he was still hesitant, leaning slowly forward for his first kiss. 

For one thing, it was going to be his first and he was frankly afraid of getting it wrong. For another, his lips, along with most of his face, were covered in Erin's juices. 

Her sigh of satisfaction, when he pressed his lips to hers, helped to dispel his first concern. And the way she wrapped her arms around his head to pull him in for a second kiss and her legs around his hips as she held him there for numbers three, four and five, gave him the confidence he needed to let nature take over and really enjoy the experience. 

As for his second worry... After making out with him for several minutes, Erin loosened her grip and leaned back to grin at him. 

"You taste like cunt." 

"Sorry," A chagrined Danny answered. 

Erin pulled his face closer and licked his cheek. "I like it."

Danny grinned. "Me too."

Erin spread her arms along the back of the sofa and, unwrapping her legs from around his waist, spread them almost as far apart. 

"What... What should I do, now?" He asked.

"Anything," was Erin's husky reply.

"Anything?"

"Absolutely anything."

Danny paused to take in the sight if her.

Erin's red hair was a mess, strand clinging to her sweaty face. She was flushed and her small nipples were stiff. She had a small, neat triangle of fine, red pubic hair that looked to Danny like an arrow pointing the way to her pussy which was wet, red and gaping open. 

In her current position, her breasts were almost flat on her chest but, to Danny's surprise, he didn't care. He had seen his mother's big tits and they were magnificent. Now, looking at Erin's tiny tits, he realized that they were magnificent, as well.

He knew what he wanted to do. Leaning forward he kissed Erin on the mouth, which was so nice that he delayed his plans, for a few minutes to linger there before making his way down across her chin, neck and chest. 

-

Erin was in heaven. He was sucking on her tits, again. He had already spent ages giving them his undivided attention before kissing a path down to her cunt. 

The second time he ate her out was completely unlike the first. He was gentle and tender and incredibly erotic. Of course, she came. Everything he did made her come. Her life was quickly becoming a long sequence of orgasms. But he was almost reverential, worshiping every fold and crevasse before paying final homage to her clit and triggering both a round of more powerful orgasms and an intensification of the aching need that had brought her to her knees, when he first arrived. 

Now he was suckling at her tits, again. Erin had never had tits, before. She had breasts or boobies or titties, not tits. But no other word would do, now. Only tits received this sort if attention. It was wonderful, but...

"Please!" rasped Erin. 

He looked up at her. The hunger in his eyes a mere shadow of her own. 

"Fuck?" Erin pleaded. 

Her language skills had failed, again. She felt like some imagined Neanderthal, barely intelligent and able to express her needs in little more that mono-syllabic grunts. But then, what else was she but a sort of animal?

"Fuck," Erin repeated. Then, "Yes," as her dear, sweet Daniel granted her one true wish. 

-

Danny was close. Finally, he was close. After taking a break to enjoy Erin's body with his eyes and mouth, he was fucking her, again, and had been for more than twenty minutes. 

Erin was a mess. She was slumped down on the sofa, with her hips hanging over the edge and only her head propped up by the back cushions; she was drenched in sweat; her eyes were vacant and she hadn't said an intelligible word since the sibilant, "Yes," when he re-entered her. 

He should stop and make sure she was okay, but he was so close. 

He bent down, arching his back to take her right nipple into his mouth. Just a few more strokes. Sweat dropped from his nose to her already wet skin. Almost there. Almost... 

Danny's orgasm was the best he had ever had and was made all the better by the way Erin's arms and legs wrapped around his body, as if trying to become one being. Even her pussy squeezed him so tightly it was almost painful.

When it was over, he raised his head, letting the flesh of her tit pop out of his mouth, and looked down at her. Her eyes just seemed to be coming into focus when she seemed to retreat down a dark tunnel that got longer and longer and more and more narrow until the only light was a faint spot in the distance that winked out. 

-

Danny blinked, groggily, and tried to take in his surroundings. His head was on a pillow and he was lying under a light blanket, but if he was on a bed, it was damned uncomfortable. 

"Are you finally awake? Can you hear me?"

Danny turned his head. Erin was sitting, perched on the edge of the sofa, looking down at him. So he must be on the floor. But, more importantly, she was still naked. 

Her knees were parted, displaying a pussy that was greatly changed. The neatly trimmed, red triangle of hair was the same, but her flesh was no longer red and swollen. In fact, Erin's pussy was now just a fleshy mound, the same color as the pale skin of her inner thighs, with a crease down the middle, and no visible labia at all. 

Danny let his gaze wander farther up her body and winced.

"Sorry." 

"What?"

"Your tit. Um, I mean your breast. I'm sorry about that."

Looking down at herself, Erin used the tip of one finger to gently trace the bite mark that surrounded one nipple. "Oh, that." She looked up at Danny, with narrowed eyes. "How did you do this?"

"Do what?" Perplexed, Danny sat up to face his first lover, letting the blanket bunch up around his waist. 

"I'm not an idiot, Danny. And I sure as fuck an not some niave virgin. I've been with at least a dozen men..." She paused and, cocking her head, asked, "How old are you?"

"Fifteen, Danny replied. But I'll be sixteen on Friday."

"Oh, fuck," Erin groaned, holding her head in both hands - statutory rape had never been part of her fantasy. 

Very little of what had happened had been part of her fantasy. How had it spiraled so far out of control? She had been sitting here for literally hours, trying to figure out the answer to that question, while watching the man who had fucked her like she had never imagined she could be fucked, sleep where he had collapsed. Only one answer made any sense.

"What drug did you give me?"