Danny stood, rooted to the spot, unable to take his eyes off of his mother. The sheet covered her, from the waist, down, but there was obviously alot happening between her legs. He had no idea what was sticking up, under there, but he could hear the loud buzz which changed pitch, slightly, as if bogging down under changing pressure. 

From her ribs up, Danny's mother was bare. Her large tits were supported and pressed together by her upper arms, her fat, stiff nipples pointed skyward and gyrated, the flesh beneath them rippling, as her body jerked and twitched. 

Her face, neck, chest, and breasts were flushed. A fine sheen of sweat made her skin glisten and strands of dark hair clung to her face. 

She obviously knew that he was there - she was staring right at him with saucer-sized eyes - but she kept right on doing what she was doing.

Thanks to the internet, Danny had seen hundreds of female orgasms. But that was the internet and he knew enough not to believe everything he saw, there. When his mother came, on the other hand, there could be no doubt. Her eyes rolled into her head and her lips pulled back in a rictus-grin that exposed her teeth. The tendons on her neck stood out, her back arched, her whole body became rigid for several beautiful, slow seconds. 

It was his mother's scream that snapped Danny out of his trance. What in the hell was he doing? He had come back to let her know that he was home, but he should have left as soon as he saw that she wasn't decent. 

He was halfway up the stairs, leaping three at a stride, before he was fully aware that he had left. 

- 

Much more quickly than had become the norm, Danny lay back on his bed, gasping. He had finished in less than half an hour. But then the image of his mom's tits had been floating through his head, while he had worked, and he had come home to see the most amazing thing he could possibly imagine. Any normal kid would have come the instant he got his dick out of his pants, if not sooner. But Mike only finished as fast as he did because, in addition to having seen most of her tits, that morning, and every last inch of them, that afternoon, her screams of ecstatasy spurred him toward completion. 

While Danny was spurting into a handful of tissues, it had been to the sound of her loudest scream of all. 

Recognizing the word his mother wailed, Danny smiled, weakly and mumbled, "I thought Dad was home," as the warm darkness of sleep overtook him.

-

When her son was gone and her orgasm was winding down, Susan turned her attention back to her husband. She felt bashful and somewhat ashamed until she saw the gleam in his eye. Besides, no shame or embarrassment could survive long under the onslaught of lust that still filled her. 

"Fuck me!" she gasped. And then, in a firmer voice, demanded, "Fuck me!"

Mike stepped slowly out of his place of concealment and glanced at the bedroom door. He had regretted his snap decision to expose his wife to his son, as soon as he made it. But there had been no turning back, once Danny saw Susan. And he had learned quite a bit, although, right at the moment, what he was mostly interested in was his very naked and very horny wife squirming in the bed, begging for him. 

Mike fully intended to give her what she wanted; but first, there was something he had always wanted to do had known his wife well enough to realize that no good would come of raising the subject. 

Staring into Susan's eyes, he undressed in almost exactly the opposite fashion as she had. He stripped as quickly and efficiently as he could, kicking off his shoes, as he pulled his polo shirt over his head, using his toes to peel off his socks while he opened his belt and unbuttoned his slacks, and letting his clothes fall wherever they may, until he was finally naked. 

"Yes!" Susan hissed, when she saw his rampant cock. She couldn't keep the smile from her face when he stalked to the foot of the bed like a tiger and ripped the sheet off of what little of her it covered. 

He crawled up, between her legs, and she tossed the still humming vibrator to the side and opened herself up to him.

But then he stopped. "No!" She whined. And then, "What..." as he dipped his head. And finally, "Oh!" When she realized his target. She might have said, "No," except that all of the breath rushed out of her lungs when his mouth touched her. 

Mike was like a virgin, all over again. His heart pounded and his hands trembled with the adrenaline that coursed through his body. He licked, he sucked, he nibbled and bit. He had never done this before - he had never tasted a woman. But he had read volumes about it. They didn't do justice to the reality, everything was so much better than he hoped it would be. But all that reading did give him a solid understanding of fundamental technique. He made her scream, twice more, before giving in to her desperately tugging hands and kissing and licking his way up her sweaty belly.

With his rigid prick just brushing at the heat of Susan's sex, Mike spent some time enjoying her tits and especially her fat nipples.

"Please." She sounded hoarse and he relented, kissing her throat and the line of her jaw before pressing his lips to hers. 

"Do you feel it?" He asked. "Do you still feel the lust."

Susan nodded. 

"Tell me what you want."

"Fuck me!" Susan gasped. "Please. I'll do anything. I'll suck your cock. I'll swallow your cum. I'll be your whore. Please!"

Mike gave her what she wanted. He gave her what she needed. Her world lit up in an explosion of unimaginable pleasure. And Susan knew, on an animal level, the she would never be the same. 

She was vaguely aware of Mike's face, hovering over her, his lips caressing her. She could feel her body move, as he drove himself against her. But her universe was centered on her pussy. Her hot, wet cunt, so wonderfully full of the man that belonged there. 

And then there was the pleasure. The lust she had once feared and hated, which had driven her to betray her husband, was stronger than ever. But it paled in comparison to the pleasure.

She screamed as a monumental wave washed over her. It was not so much an orgasm as a sharp peak in her constant, orgasmic bliss. 

The change was like the sea receding before a tidal wave strikes. Susan felt it and was afraid. She could sense what was coming and her mind cried out, "No! Make it stop." But her lips, which knew better, demanded, "Harder! Faster!" And Mike, dear, sweet Mike, wonderful Mike, complied. 

Her pleasure ran away, as the lust intensified, until all she had was need. And, when her need was filled with pleasure beyond her capacity to contain, it was Mike's name she screamed. 

Suddenly, it was over. The pleasure she thought would destroy her was fading, the lust was gone, and she was the same old Susan.

No, not the same. Never the same. For one thing, she had made promises to Mike that she intended to fulfill and, although he had stopped pounding her, he was still hard. 

"Wow!" Mike panted, grinning down at his wife's sweaty and glowing face. "That was amazing."

"Djewcum." Karen found it hard to speak. 

"What?"

"Djewcum?"

"Did I come? No, but..."

"Blewj."

Mike smiled. "You're not making any sense."

Susan took a deep breath, held it for a moment and, with tremendous concentration, slowly and deliberately said, "Blow job."

"You don't have to..."

Susan went wild, below him, twisting her body and digging her fingernails into him as she struggled to push him of of her. 

"Okay," Mike laughed and rolled to the bed. 

Susan, obviously weak, struggled to turn her body around. But she managed and, with her knees beside Mike's shoulder, she ran her tongue along the underside of of his shaft. 

"Tastes good," she said, with hardly any concentration at all. 

"Yeah," Mike sighed, as she licked him, again. And again. She gently and slowly licked up every drop of her nectar that coated his cock, balls and thighs. 

Meanwhile, Mike put his hand on her ass and stroked her, caressing her curves like he never had, before. As her oral attention grew more energetic, he stroked her pussy; but she reached between her legs and pulled his hand away. 

She let his cock slip out of her mouth, with a slurp. "This is just for you," she chided, before returning to what she was doing. 

Mike smiled in wordless agreement and honored his wife's request. He did continue to stroke her firm ass and even let the tips of his fingers brush across the place that he had never thought she would let him caress. But then, he never could have dreamed anything as wild as the last eighteen hours. 

"I could get used to this," he said, stroking his wife's inner thigh. She hummed her agreement. He slid his hand, palm up, between her legs and along her belly until he could cup one of her heavy tits. She hummed, again, when he tugged at her nipple, and redoubled her efforts.

-

"I'm sorry." Mike was completely beat from an unexpected and stressful day at work sandwiched between two incredibly intense sexual encounters with his wife and only a few hours of sleep. But, now that he could think clearly, he knew he had fucked up.

Susan, kneeling beside him, wiped at some of the semen that had run out of her mouth, and even from her nose, when she had choked and coughed, instead of neatly swallowing, like she had planned.

"It's okay. I'm fine," she sucked her fingers clean and wiped up some more. "I just need some more practice."

"Not that. I mean, I am sorry about that, but it's not what I mean. I'm sorry I forced you to expose yourself to Danny."

Susan didn't answer, right away. She spent a minute, or so, meticulously cleaning her face and even wiping the globs of goo from her husbands thighs and belly, and always sucking whatever she could gather off of her fingers.

"You don't have to do that," Mike finally said.

But Susan shook her head. "I do. I really do. I... I love the taste of you. No, that's not quite right. I like how you taste - your cum, I mean. But I absolutely love being able to taste it." She smiled and shrugged, making her tits wobble. "It helps me think, for one thing."

She went back to cleaning up what mess she could, then crawled off of the bed to get a washcloth, from the bathroom. As she was wetting it, she looked at herself in the mirror. Her hair was discheveled; her face was shiny with saliva and the remains of the bodily fluids that had been smeared, there; her lips were swollen; her breasts - no, her tits were also wet with spit and cum and her nipples were still half erect. She looked like a slut. She looked like a whore.

"You look good," she told her reflection.

After cleaning her husband's crotch, her tits, and her face, in that order, Susan tossed the washcloth onto the floor and straddled her husbands belly. Sitting upright and looking down at him, she smiled at the way he stared at her tits. Except they weren't hers, anymore, where they?

"Before you fucked me," she spoke in a low, deliberate voice, "I made three promises. I promised to suck your cock, which I did. I promised to swallow every drop, which I failed to do and all I ask is that you take my good-faith attempt into account when you decide on my punishment."

"Punishment? No. I'm not..."

Susan pressed the tips of three fingers against her husband's lips, silencing him.

"Hush. Let me finish. Yes, you will punish me. I made a promise and failed to keep it, and that requires punishment. I also made a third promise. And a fourth, too, but they sort of work together. I promised to do anything and I promised to be your whore." She increased the pressure of her fingers on his lips, to keep him silent. "As your whore who will do anything you say, I want to make it clear that I really mean that I will do anything. You wanted Danny to see my tits. I didn't understand, at the time, but then I didn't understand a hell of a lot, at that particular moment, except for desire and lust and pleasure. But I understand, now. You thought Danny might be causing my feelings of lust, right?"

Mike nodded.

"Well, I think we can say, with absolute certainty, that you were correct. The instant he saw me, the lust exploded. It seems that Danny inherited more than hair color from his father."

Susan leaned slightly forward, to rest her hands on Mike's chest, and smiled at the way he watched her tits move. Why had she never realized how powerful they were, before? She bent her elbows, slightly, until they hung free, and rocked forward enough to make them swing.

"So what I'm saying is that it's okay that you wanted him to see these. I understand your reasoning, and agree. But even if I didn't, I am now your whore, so it's not my decision."

Mike flinched at her crude language and focused all of her attention on her face.

"You are not my whore. You are nobody's whore."

"I am," Susan replied. "I will do anything you say, for you or anybody else. Anything, Mike."

"That's not..."

"I don't think you understand what I just felt. It was life changing. I have never felt anything like that, before. I never even imagined I could feel anything like that. The... The... The first time, with that bastard, was nothing compared to what I just felt. It had already been topped by last night, with you. And today blew it out of the water. It was like a powerful drug that is immediately addictive. I don't think I can live without feeling that, again, and, as I already said, I will do anything, anything at all, to feel it again. I want to do anything at all to feel it again."

"But you're not my whore," Mike said.

"I have to be, Mike." Susan bent to kiss him, then, with her lips lightly brushing his, quietly added, "Because, if I'm not your whore, I will wind up being Danny's. Don't you see? I will do anything to feel like that and, without somebody else in control, I know that I will go straight to the source. How could I not?"

Mike shook his head, in disbelief. "You're serious."

Susan nodded, gravely.

"Okay. I'm willing, except..."

Susan's brow furrowed. "Except what?"

"I hate that word: whore. It's an ugly word. And it's not accurate. A whore is a prostitute; you're no whore. You're not even really a slut, you've never slept around, except under what was clearly extreme duress, and you're not going to, now," Mike looked intently into her eyes and, for some reason he didn't understand, added, "unless I tell you to."

Susan's eyes widened and her nostrils flared. "Are you going to tell me to?"

Mike shrugged. "I don't intend to, at the moment, but...the possibility does intrigue me. We will see. Do you want me to tell you to?"

Susan shook her head. "No. But...but...but...but knowing that you could..." She shivered. "Oh, God. Why does the thought of obeying make me so excited?"

"I don't know." Mike grinned up at her. "But, even if I decide never to order you do be with another man, which doesn't really appeal to me, at the moment, there are other things that I could make you do, even though you don't want to."

Susan nodded, her eyes gleaming. "Like expose myself to Danny. You'll probably make me do that, at least a few more times, to verify the results, from today, right?"

Mike laughed. "Probably. And we should conduct some control experiments, as well. You should probably flash at least a few strangers, and one or two people you know. Just to make sure it's not the act of flashing that causes your lust."

Susan trembled at the thought.

"And then there's this," Mike reached between them and tugged at her pubic hair. "Have you ever considered shaving?"

Susan shook her head. "No. But I will, of course."

"No," Mike said, with a surprising rush of pleasure at the power his wife had just given him, "you won't. That would be too easy. You will have it waxed off. At a salon."

Susan nodded, breathing heavily. "By a stranger," she said.

Mike shrugged. "Doesn't have to be a stranger. You have until Wednesday."

Sitting up, straight, on her husband's hips, Susan saluted. "Yes, sir!" She then leaned forward until she could press her lips against his and, after kissing him thoroughly, whispered, "Thank you, sir."

Mike shook his head. "You're welcome."

"So, have you thought about my punishment, at all?"

"Punishment?"

"For failing to swallow every drop of your cum."

"Oh. Maybe getting waxed can be..."

"No!" Susan raised her head and looked down into his eyes. "Please. I mean, it's your decision, of course, but... Let that just be something you're making be do, because you want to. Please?"

Mike nodded. "Very well. Then, no, I haven't really had much time to think of a punishment. Did you have something in mind?"

"No," Susan shook her head. "I wouldn't dare to presume." Susan slid hir hips a little farther down his body until his cock, the head of which had been touching her ass for several minutes, was nestled between her labia. "Maybe I should practice, while you consider the options."

"I don't think I could take it."

"Oh, I think you can. It feels like you can."

She slid herself along the length of his cock, which was wonderfully stiff, already, and getting harder by the moment.

"So," Mike asked, "are blowjobs going to be something I order you to do, against your will?"

"Oh, no," Susan shook her head. "You can order me to suck your cock, whenever you like, but it will never be against my will. I've given exactly two blowjobs, in my life, and I'm just as addicted to sucking your cock as I am to Danny's lust."

"Are you feeling more lust, right now?" Mike asked. "Is that why you're like this?"

"No," Susan said, somewhat surprised. "Actually, I'm not. I'm just... I think this is the way I am, now. I told you that this afternoon was life-changing." She ground herself against his prick. "I hope you don't mind."

"Sometimes change is good," Mike admitted.

Susan smiled and kiseed her way down his body.

"I guess you're just a lusty wench, now."

She took his cock in her fist, kissed the head and said, "Wench is a good word. I like wench. It's better than whore. But there's another word I like better."

"What's that?"

"Slave." She licked his glans with the flat of her tongue. "Would that be okay? Can I be your slave and you my master?"

Mike raised his head to look down at her. Her eyes were fixed on his while her tongue continued to carress his cock. He reached out and stroked the top of her head.

"What if I'm a cruel master?"

She smiled. "I know you. There's not a cruel bone in your body."

"I don't know," Miked said. "You're giving me an awful lot of power. And power corrupts."

Susan smiled, impishly. "Good."

"Be still, slave, and suck my cock."

Mike meant it to be a joke, but the smile instantly dropped from Susan's features. "Yes, master," she said, almost ritualistically, and took him into her mouth.

After propping a pillow behind his head, so he could continue to watch, Mike took his wife's head in both hands drove it down, onto his cock. He could feel the pressure, when he bumpbed the back of her throat and, not wanting to force her, despite their new relationship, he raised her up. Then he did it, again. And again.

"He's fucking my face," Susan thought, when Mike's hips started to thrust in time with his hands. She had to fight her gag reflex with every stroke, but didn't struggle. He was in control and that was as it should be.

Mike grunted and she felt his thighs tense under her tits. He was going to come, already. Which was also exactly as it should be. As his thrusts became more forecful, she took a deep breath and, holding it, started to gently suck, trying to prepare herself.

He didn't come as much and, with the head of his cock at the back of her tongue, he was perfectly positioned. She swallowed, eagerly, until he stopped spurting and relaxed onto the bed, and held him in her mouth, sucking gently, until he softened and shrank.

She had done it. A surge of pride rushed through Susan as she raised her head to grin at her master. She had swallowed every drop.

But Mike was sleeping. 

The poor man deserved his rest so, with the taste of his seed lingering on her tongue, Susan got off of the bed, moving carefuly, so she wouldn't wake him, and headed for the bathroom.

So was so proud she wanted to go announce her victory to anybody she could find. And yet, there was a bit of disappointment. It would be nice to have more punishment hanging over her head.

Examining her face in the bathroom mirror, Susan leaned forward. Was that a tiny spec of liquid at the corner of her mouth? Yes! She had failed and, somehow, that was better than success.

After draining her bladder and washing her hands, Susan crawled back into bed, pulling the blankets over her husband and herself, and cuddling up next to him. He put his arm, on which her head was resting, around her shoulder in what Susan told herself was a possesive manner and, feeling more content than ever before, in her life, she dozed off.