
Susan watched the car roll up the driveway and felt a knot of anxiety tighten in her belly. She knew what she had to do. She had to tell her husband everything - every detail - from the very beginning.

He looked so tired when he came in through the back door that she almost changed her mind. But if she didn't tell him, now, something horrible could happen and then it would be too late.

"Mike, honey, can we talk?" Standing and leaving the half-empty cup of cold coffee on the table, Susan faced her husband.

"That doesn't sound good," Mike said.

"It's not," Susan agreed. "But there are things I have to tell you; things you deserve to know. I'm sorry."

Mike took his wife by the hand and pulled her into the family room. He loved the hell out of her. Even after her infidelity, he loved the hell out of her. After pushing her gently onto the sofa, he took a seat, half facing her, leaned forward and lightly kissed her on the lips.

"I love you," he said, "and I doubt that you can say anything to change that."

"I hope that's true," tears were welling up in Susan's eyes. "Because I have to tell you about...about...that night. When Danny was conceived."

"I'm listening," Mike carefully replied.

"I know I've never told you what happened, not in any detail. But I have to, now."

Mike waited, patiently.

"It was a Thursday. I stopped at the mall, on my way home from work, to pick up some new bras. He was sitting on a bench, outside of the department store. The moment I walked out of the door, he stood up. From the expression on his face, I assumed he was heading for somebody behind me, but, instead of passing by, he walked right up to me and grabbed my arm."

Susan looked up from her fidgeting fingers to face her husband.

"It was like nothing I had ever felt, before.," she said. "The moment he touched me, I felt this incredible wave of pleasure and desire and need and... and... lust. There's no other word for it. I can't really describe it, except that I suddenly ached, between my legs; my nipples got tight; my whole body tingled and I knew that, if I didn't do something, I might go crazy.

"The man - I don't know his name - had a room at the hotel that's attached to the mall. We didn't even have to go outside. He pulled me through the lobby... I say he pulled but that's not really true. He guided me, and I willingly followed. I would have followed anybody. He hadn't said a word, but I knew what we were going to do. At least, I hoped I knew.

"When the elevator doors closed, he said, 'Have you ever fucked a total stranger?' All I could do was shake my head. And...and...and when he grinned and grabbed my tit, through my dress, and said, 'That's about to change,' I actually said, 'Thank you," which just made him laugh."

No longer able to look her husband in the face, Susan hung her head.

"I actually thanked him. He was going to rape me, except it wouldn't be rape because I wanted him so badly that I could feel my panties squishing between my legs, with every step I took.

"He didn't waste any time. He told me to strip and, when I was naked, told me to undress him. And then he laid me down and...and had me."

Susan looked up, again. Her husbands face was impassive and unreadable and started to blur as tears rolled down her cheeks.

"It felt so good! Like nothing I've ever felt, before. Not even with you, and I loved you! How could if feel so good with somebody I never met?"

"He did something to you. He must have drugged you, or something. Did you feel a pinprick, when he touched you?"

Susan shook her head. "That's what I thought, too. All this time, I told myself that it wasn't really me. That he must have drugged me. But there was no pinprick. No tiny scratch on my arm."

"Something that works by contact, then."

Susan shook her head, again. "I could believe that, except I started feeling the same way, this week."

Mike's eyes went wide. "Are you sure?"

"Oh, yes. It's very disctinct like a...a...a flavor, or oder, except that it's not, you know? I mean, I can't describe it any more than I can tell you what a banana tastes like or the smell of coffee. There's no way to describe it, but it's unmustakable. And even harder than that because I don't feel it with any normal senses. And I started feeling it, again, for the first time since that afternoon, earlier this week."

"When?"

"Tuesday evening. It wasn't very strong, then. Just sort of a hint. I thought it was just my memory playing tricks on me; maybe I saw or heard something that reminded me about that day, but I've thought about it almost every day and never felt it, before. It came back Wednesday night, but a little stronger. And stronger again, on Thursday. And last night... I couldn't help it. I had to have... I had to feel... I... I... I'm so glad you were there!"

Mike chuckled. "So am I. Believe me."

"I didn't disgust you?"

"Dear God, no!" Mike said. "In fact, if you feel that way, again, you just let me know. I'll be glad to help you out."

Blushing, Susan closed her eyes, for a second or two, to gather her courage.

"I did feel it again," she admitted.

"Since last night? When?"

"This morning. I... I woke up and you weren't in the bed and I was afraid that you were upset because of what I did last night and I went to find you and Danny was in the kitchen and I bent over to give him a good morning kiss and I had been in such a hurry that my robe wasn't closed very tightly and he saw my tits and I felt it!"

Mike spent a moment digesting her rapid-fire sentence. Having spent all day untangling data, his mind was in problem solving mode and he had a sudden suspicion.

"Did you kiss him?"

"What?" Susan asked, confused.

"Did you kiss Danny. You said you bent over to kiss him. Did you?"

Susan shook her head. "No. I felt...it and sort of froze. And I just stayed there, Mike. I was bent over with my tits practically naked, right in front of his face, and I didn't move. I... I... I couldn't. It felt so good."

"Then what happened?"

"I got a grip on myself, stood up and fixed my robe."

"Did Danny touch you?"

"No," Susan said, slowly shaking her head.

"And you didn't touch him."

"No."

"Was the feeling as strong as what you felt, last night?" Mike asked.

"No," Susan replied, thoughtfully. "It was strong but not quite that strong."

"And you resisted it." Mike reached out and took Susan's hand. "I'm proud of you."

"I flashed my own son!" Susan blurted.

"Not intentionally," her husband replied, in a placating voice. "I know you, Susan. I know you better than anybody else. Maybe even better than you know yourself. I think I have a pretty good idea of how powerful any feelings would have to have been to get you to betray your wedding vows. I know, first hand, how powerfully they affected you, last night. So, I'm proud of you, for doing the right thing, this morning."

Susan looked at her husband, perplexed.

"I thought you would hate me."

It was Mike's turn to shake his head. "I don't think anything could make me hate you. I certainly don't hate you, now."

"Thank you."

"So, what happened after Danny saw you?" Mike asked. "Are you sure he even did?"

"Oh, yes. I know he did. I saw his ... reaction," Susan quietly replied, blushing at the memory. "In his shorts."

Mike chuckled. "I'll bet he reacted."

"What is that supposed to mean?" Susan snapped, in the familiar tone she had used thousands of times before, to show her displeasure.

But Mike was unaffected.

"What it's supposed to mean is that you have amazing breasts. If Danny didn't react, I might be concerned."

"Tits," Susan corrected. "And he did react."

"Good. Now, when did you feel what you felt?"

"What do you mean?"

"Think carefully. What happened, first?" Mike asked. "Did you realize you were exposed and then feel that way, or did you feel that way and then notice that you were exposed?"

"Oh. I... Um, the second one," Susan replied. "I'm pretty sure. Yeah. I felt it before. I was going to kiss him, but stopped when I felt it. That's when I noticed my robe."

"What happened, next?"

"I had a hard time moving. A... A hard time wanting to move. It felt so good that a part of me wanted to just stay there and enjoy it. I came to my senses enough to stand up and cover myself and then I dropped my cup of coffee. When I... When I felt that way, I remembered last night and wanted to do things with you. I was thinking about that and Danny said something and startled me. I dropped my cup, it broke, and I cut my toe." She smiled at Mike. "Danny took care of me. He bandaged my toe and cleaned up my mess."

"Did you still feel... Damn it, we need a name for what you were feeling."

"Lust," Susan immediately replied.

"That works. Did you steel feel the lust?"

"Yes," Susan answered, slowly. "But it wasn't as strong. Maybe about like it was on Thursday night."

"Do you feel it, now?"

"No. It went away, after a while."

"And what was Danny doing, while it was going away?" Mike asked.

"Oh, he wasn't even at home," Susan said. "He went to mow Mrs. Maxwell's yard."

"Did you stop feeling the lust before of after he left?"

"I... I'm not sure. I was in our room, lying down, trying not to touch myself."

"Why?" Mike asked.

"Why what?"

Mike scowled at her. "Why not touch yourself. Susan, if you feel an irresistable urge, you've got to find an outlet for it. There are worse things than touching yourself."

"Yes," Susan said. "You're right. Of course you're right. And I agree. But, this morning, I was trying not to. And then the feeling faded."

"And you weren't horny, anymore?"

"Oh, I was still horny. It took a long time for that to fade." Susan blushed, but the corners of her mouth curled up into the hint of a smile. "It still hasn't faded, completely."

"You're horny, now?"

"Mike, I've been feeling nasty, all day. The cause might have stopped, but... Can I show you something?"

"Of course," Mike said, wondering what Susan wanted to show him. Was it nastier than the sight of her rubbing his semen around on her breasts, after sucking him? The possibility washed away the last vistiges of his fatigue and, when Susan stoo and took he hand, he eagerly followed her toward their bedroom.

"Remember," Susan said, stopping outside of their bedroom door, "you said that touching myself was okay?"

"If this lust keeps coming back, it might be essential," Mike agreed, imagining his wife's hands sliding lower down her belly and between her thighs.

"What if I did more than that?"

"What do you mean?" Mike's eyes narrowed, until Susan pushed open the bedroom door and he saw what was on the bed. "You bought these?" he asked, with undisguised shock.

Laid out on the bed was a small collection of vibrators.

"It's like you said," Susan explained. "I might need an outlet, sometime, when you're not home."

"Where did you get them?" Mike asked.

"Karen told me about a place."

Mike stared at Susan, stunned. "Karen?" He asked. "Our Karen?"

"She... She has one like this," Susan picked up a clamshell package that said, "Magic Wand," in large, purple letters. "I found it in her room. We talked. Mike, Karen feels it, too. The lust, I mean. We didn't go into much detail but she said she started feeling extra horny, this week, and last night was the worst."

"Karen has one of those?" Mike asked, his mind whirling with images it should never have formed.

"Yes," Susan replied. "She said it feels pretty good."

"What about the others?"

"Well," Susan said, thoughtfully, "I started thinking about being away from home and getting the feeling, suddenly. And I thought it might be a good idea to keep something like this," she picked up a small, silver, bullet shaped vibrator, about two and a half inches long, "in my purse. Just in case. And then I realized that Karen might need one, too. So I bought two."

"You bought our daughter a vibrator?"

"Yes. Of course," Susan bluntly replied. "It's like you said. If she feels what I felt then it might be critical. What if she's not at home and she starts to feel that way? I love Danny and I wouldn't give him up for anything, but I don't want what happened to me to happen to Karen."

"What about that one?" Mike asked, pointing.

"I thought... I mean, I like the feel of you in me. I thought I might need that, you know? I know purple is a silly color, but it was the closest one to your size," Susan explained, blushing at the memory of visualizing herself holding dildos with her mouth over one end until she found the one that best matched her memory of the night before.

"They're still in the packages," Mike said. "You haven't used them."

Susan shook her head. "I wanted to ask you, first."

"You wanted to ask me for permission to use a vibrator?"

"I... I didn't want to cheat on you, again," Susan quietly said.

Mike laughed. "Susan, masturbating is not cheating."

"I think it would be, with those," Susan replied. "Unless I have your permission."

"Hell, yeah, you have my permission! I just wish I could watch."

"Do you want to?" Susan asked, a warm flush of her new nastiness spreading from her belly. "You can. I've been wanting to try that magic wand. And if you watched me, that would be so..." Her sentence trailing off, Susan gave her husband a shy look from under her eyelashes.

Mike waved his arm towards the bed. "Be my guest."

Blushing, Susan moved her other toys from the bed to her dresser and meticulously folded back the comforter and top sheet of her bed, before slowly undressing, neatly folding her clothes and laying them on the dresser, as well.

She wasn't trying to put on a show; she was just hesitant. But Mike was watching her undress, in the full light of day, for the first time, and her slow pace was perfect for stoking his fire. His eyes gleamed, when she opened her bra, and he could barely suppress a moan, when she bent at the waist, her breasts swinging, to push her panties off.

Susan struggled to get her new magic wand out of its package, but soon gave up and handed it to her husband.

Wordlessly, and barely noticing the effort, Mike tore the package open and gave the vibrator to his wife, who bent over, again, to plug it into the outlet betwen her nightstand and the bed, unintionally displaying her wet, swollen labia to him.

After unintentionally thrilling her husband even more, by crawling onto the bed, Susan rolled onto her back and pushed the switch on the long handle from off to low.

The thrumming vibration felt pretty intense, in her hands. Thinking there was no way she could ever stand the high setting, Susan spread her bent knees and gently touched the vibrating head to her sex.

Her eyes widened and, staring at her husband, she said, "Oh, God!"

"Does it feel good?" Mike asked.

With a wide-eyed, silent nod, Susan pressed it more firmly against her pussy.

"Oh!" she gasped. Her knees fell open and, taking the handle in both hands, she rubbed it hard against her cunt.

Mike watched, in amazed fascination, as his wife ground the humming toy against herself. Her tits shook and wobbled as her hips rocked; her nipples were as stiff and erect as Mike had ever seen them. If the theory that he was forming was correct, what would she be like if the source of the lust she kept feeling was at home?

It may have been fate or, more likely, pure coincidence but, at the very moment that Mike was having that thought, Susan said, "Oh, God, Mike. I'm starting to feel it, again," a few seconds before the back door slammed.

Susan didn't hear her son yell, "Mom, Dad, I'm home," from across the house. The blood rushing through her ears was too loud. She was too wrapped up in the growing lust she was feeling, combined with the intense pleasure from the vibrator, to give much thought to the way her husband jumped forward and covered her, up to the neck, in a sheet. She didn't even think it odd when, after taking a step backwards, he stopped, leaned forward and, grabbing the sheet, near her ankle, pulled it back down a foot or so.

She felt just a bit of confusion when he hurried over to stand just inside her closet door. And then her capacity for thought was lost.

Susan heard, "Mom?" just the barest instant before the lust that had been slowly building exploded from a moderate to the most intensely powerful, ever, including the night that a stranger had impregnated her with her second child.

With the realization that the sheet that covered her ended just below her tits, but unable to do anthing but hold onto the handle of her vibrator with both fists, Susan slowly turned her head to see her son, his mouth and eyes forming three perfect 'O's, staring at her. No, not at her, at her tits. He was staring at her tits. At her huge, bouncing, shaking, tits. The lust washed over her, in waves, and, no more than two or three seconds after she first realized that Danny was watching, she had the most powerful orgasm of her life. 

