

Karen had a hard time getting out of bed. She had to go work the Sunday-morning breakfast shift but, instead of the rest she had intended to get after work, on Saturday, she had spent a good part of the evening getting herself off, including once in the downstairs powder room, with the rest of her family not fifteen feet away. When the alarm on her phone startled her out of her exhausted sleep, she was naked, sore and sticky.

Karen's morning improved, dramatically, when, after finally making the damned thing stop screetching, she saw that she had received six messages. Rosa had done exactly what Karen had told her to do, which was more than Karen had expected. When she had said, every hour, all day, she had not thought through the fact that the day started at midnight. Which was why, at 5:15, in the morning, she already had six pictures of various parts of Rosa's anatomy. 

They continued to arrive, right on schedule, throughout Karen's work day. Every hour, her silenced phone had buzzed in the pocket of the apron she wore over that ridiculous red and white plaid uniform dress. Every hour she had had to resist the urge to slip into the bathroom and touch herself. In fact, she had not even looked at her phone. Not even in her car, after her shift ended, at two that afternoon. She had removed yet another pair of soggy panties, but had maintained enough self-control to pull her skirt back down and drive home before using the new vibrator her mother had given her, again, while admiring her lifelong friend in a whole new way.

She had not been aware that her brother had been gone, that morning, nor that he had returned, shortly after she got home from work. When Danny was quietly, and drearily, making his way up the stairs to mope, in his bedroom, Karen was in bed, naked, rubbing her pussy. It was tender from the abuse it had recently been taking, and her clit still tingled from her latest orgasm, so she wasn't really masturbating. She was just gently stroking and occasionally inserting a finger or two into herself, so she could suck her juices from her fingers, as she flipped back and forth through pictures of Rosa's tits, cunt and ass. Her favorite was the selfie Rosa had taken that showed her face, as well as her tits. It was Rosa that Karen was lusting after, not just a collection of body parts, no matter how great they looked.

Worry struck, at 4:00, that afternoon, when no picture arrived. Had Rosa changed her mind? Had her mother, who would definitely not approve, discovered what Rosa was doing and sent her off to a convent, or something? Had she been in a car accident?

A message arrived at 4:38 and Karen sagged with relief. The picture was of Rosa, in a public bathroom stall, in a fancy, lacy dress. The top of the dress had been unbuttoned and was gathered around Rosa's waist, as she primly sat on a toilet seat, her back straight and her chin up, looking directly into the camera she held in one hand while her bra dangled from the other. Her tits were bare and her fat nipples, which were, indeed, the color of chocolate, looked hard enough to cut glass. The message that accompanied the picture said, "I'm sorry this is late, mistress. I could not leave during the ceremony."

The intense lust she had felt more than once, over the previous few days, was absent but a rush of emotion filled Karen, nevertheless. She immediately typed out a message of her own: "You are beautiful. I love the picture and I love you."

The almost immediate response was, "Thank you, mistress. I love you, too. May I masturbate."

"Absolutely not. Get dressed. Act normal. Do not risk getting caught. Your next orgasm will be at my hands."

"Yes, Mistress."
 
Karen napped, then, missing supper and not waking up until almost midnight, when a final picture - a close-up of Rosa's pussy, wet and open. 

"I can't wait to taste it," Karen sent. "But not until you taste this."

Along with the message, she sent a picture of her own, hairless and pale vulva. 

And then, feeling chilled from having napped, naked, on top of her blankets, Karen crawled under her blankets and between her sheets and went to sleep, with a nice, warm, erotic feeling in her belly and between her legs, instead of the firehose of lust she had recently had to endure. 

Still, she had to admit, she missed the firehose.

-

Danny spent Sunday afternoon and evening in his room, coming out only long enough to glumly share dinner with his parents before returning to lay in bed and stare at the ceiling.

On one hand, he had very thoroughly and undeniably lost his virginity. His morning with Erin was one he would remember for ever. But, on the other hand, she had been surprisingly upset and, although he didn't know what, he had the sinking feeling that he had done something wrong. She had screamed accusations that he had drugged her, which he knew he hadn't done. But he couldn't shake the feeling that he had done something wrong.

-

Susan was missing the lust her son made her feel, as well. But she had two advantages over her daughter. First, she knew what it was that she was missing and, after a fashion, why. Danny had been in a gloomy mood, ever since coming back from Mrs. Maxwell's house. Susan didn't know exactly why, but she suspected that seeing so many reminders of the old lady he had grown very fond of was the most likely reason.

She might have used her body to try to shake Danny out of his funk, but Mike had told her to, "stop teasing the lad," until they explained the situation to both of their children, which they had decided to do on Monday evening, after Susan had spent an entire day away from her son's influence.

The second advantage Susan had, over her daughter, was Mike. Even if Danny's power were to suddenly disappear, their relationship was unalterably changed. Susan had sworn to be her husbands slave and, surprisingly, that, alone, was enough to make her happier than she had ever been.

After Danny left, that morning, Mike had administered the punishment she had earned, with a firm hand, and her ass would be tender for at least a couple of days. When he was finished, she had crawled between his knees and given him her best blow job yet. She had even resisted the temptation to miss a few drops, just to earn a few more swats. She had no doubt that there would be plenty of reasons for Mike to punish her, soon enough, and her pride made her do the very best she could.

Pride had also made her spend a a good part of the afternoon on the Internet, studying sexual technique and learning exercises to tighten her vaginal muscles. After putting a simple tuna casserole in the oven, she woke Mike from his afternoon nap with another blow job, trying her best to overcome her gag reflex and concentrating on how she used her tongue.

Mike had quickly filled her mouth, which had pleased Susan immensely, although it seemed to bother him, that he had not lasted for the hour, or more, that had become his norm, since their sex life had resumed. 

With the taste of Mike still in her mouth, not wanting to set Danny off, Susan had dressed in the sort of clothes she had always worn, up until that week, and gone upstairs to collect her children for supper. Danny had headed down, right away, obviously still depressed. But Karen had not responded to Susan's quiet knock and, when she opened the door, she found her daughter sleeping, naked, on top of her blankets, next to her phone and her new bullet vibrator.

Not having the heart to wake the girl, Susan had admired her beauty, for a moment or two, and then pulled the door closed and gone downstairs.

The day ended nicely with Susan and Mike laying naked in bed together, planning the conversation they would be having, with their children, the next day, followed by another blow job. Remembering Mike's frustration at not lasting as long as he would have liked, earlier that day, Susan after gently and joyfully worshiped him with her mouth, not even trying to get him off, until he grunted, "Enough, woman," grabbed her head and dragged her up his body.

She mounted him, as he was kissing her, and gladly rode him to a mutual climax while he roughly mauled her tits.

One nice thing about having sex without the benefit if Danny's lust was that, after a quick visit to the bathroom, Susan was able to cuddle up with Mike and fall asleep in his arms instead of being so full of energy.

-

On Monday morning, Karen was in the kitchen, sipping at a cup of juice, when there was a quiet knock on the back door.

Her parents were at work and, as far as she knew, her brother had yet to come out of his room. So this was a chance to play around. Suppressing her grin of anticipation, Karen opened the back door and invited her friend in.

"Were the pictures okay?" Rosa anxiously asked, as she stepped into the kitchen.

Karen smiled. "They were perfect. I didn't mean for you to send so many."

"I wasn't sure. Um, what should I call you?"

"What do you want to call me?"

"May I call you mistress?"

The rush she felt at the way Rosa was acting made Karen forget the trepidations of the night before.

"Not standing there, fully clothed."

For a split second, Rosa was confused. Then she went into action, stripping rapidly out of her clothes so she could be naked, when she sank to her knees on the kitchen tile.

"Now may I call you mistress?"

"We shall see; after you have been punished."

"Punished?"

Karen held out a finger. "First, you were late, sending one of your pictures yesterday. Second, you addressed me as mistress, without permission, several times, yesterday. And, third, you undressed far too quickly, denying me the pleasure of watching you strip like a good slave girl should. Pick up this mess and follow me."

Karen spun around and marched away. God, what a feeling! She only wished she had high heels on, to clack across the floor.

As it was, though, she would have to settle for the pajamas she still wore.

She turned, when she reached the center if her bedroom, with her arms folded across her chest, and had to chuckle when Rosa came bustling in, frantic and disheveled, with her hands full of her own clothes.

"Fold them, neatly. You won't be wearing them, for a while."

"Yes, um.... Yes. "

"What's the matter, slave?"

"I must have dropped my panties."

Karen rolled her eyes. "Well, go get them."

Nodding, Rosa turned, but froze at the bedroom door.

"Is your brother home?"

"I think so, although I haven't seen him, this morning. He will probably go downstairs for breakfast, pretty soon."

"Oh."

"Rosa."

Rosa stopped, again, in the hall, pursed of Karen's room.

"I thing you should probably crawl on your hands and knees and bring my your panties in your mouth."

-

Rosa grunted in satisfaction, when she saw her panties on the bottom step. Getting done the stairs on all fours was awkward, but she managed, without breaking Karen's order.

It was so degrading to be crawling naked. She could feel her tits sway, with every movement, especially as she descended the stairs, where the angle raised her ass, displaying her even more obscenely than even floor.

It was degrading, humiliating, mortifying, and absolutely perfect - so much better than her fantasies.

When she reached her panties, she lowered her head, unconsciously spreading her knees, and, although Karen hadn't demanded it, made sure to bite the crotch, to pick them up.

The moment she gripped her panties in her teeth, Rosa had a wild rush of arousal so intense that she felt her already swollen labia part.

-

Danny froze at the top of the stairs. There was a naked woman, most of the way towards the bottom, on her knees, with her head down and her caramel brown ass pointed right at him.

As he watched, she slowly raised her upper body and laboriously turned around, while remaining on her hands nod knees. She started, when she realized he was there, and stared at him, breathing heavily through her nose, with a pair of pink panties hanging from her mouth.

It was Rosa! Karen's best friend met his eyes, as she crawled up the steps. Her tits, which moved wonderfully, as she approached, were much bigger than he would have expected, after seeing her in fairly conservative clothes, for years. They weren't nearly as large as his mother's, but certainly blew Erin's out of the water, and he found himself wondering what it would be like to suck on her dark nipples.

She turned her head, as she went by, her eyes, open so wide he could see the whites, locked on his until she was well past. She then turned to face where she was going and, without seeming to hurry, crawled into Karen's bedroom.

Danny heard hushed voices, but not the giggling or shocked exclamation that he expected. He was half tempted to follow Rosa, until the door to Karen's room clicked shut.

-

Karen watched Rosa, intently. Danny had seen her, but Karen didn't mind. It seemed to excite Rosa, who was now moaning around her balled up panties, which Karen had tied into her mouth with one of the nylon, knee-high stockings she wore, as part of her uniform.

Rosa was moaning because she was holding Henry with both hands, keeping his head pressed firmly against her pussy. Karen didn't know how many times she had suggested Rosa try a vibrator, but the Catholic prude had always demurely refused, saying it would be too kinky, all the while harboring secret submissive fantasies.

Well, Rosa was going to learn what kinky meant, now. While Rosa had been out in the hall, putting on a show for Danny, the missing, super-intense horniness had come back and Karen was in a mood for kink.

-

