When Danny woke up, he felt an immediate sense of shame. He had seen his mother's tits. He had watched her masturbating, for Christ's sake. And she had been all he had thought about, when he was jerking off. He could never face her, again. He vowed to stay in his room, forever.

Fifteen minutes later, he was puting on clean clothes. He hadn't had anything to eat, since breakfast, and that had just been a single bowl of cereal, instead of his normal three or four. Since then, he had ridden his bike to Mrs. Maxwell's house, mowed her lawn, ridden back, jerked off and napped for several hours. He was starved.

He stopped on the stairs, when he heard his mother in the kitchen, humming. Well, she didn't sound angry and he was starved...

She was dressed in a light, floral print dress with spaghetti shoulder straps and, to Danny's dismay, no bra. It wasn't exactly obscene, the dress did provide some support, but it was obvious, from the way her mounds moved, that it wasn't enough.

"Hello," His mother said, giving him a bright smile. "Did you have a nice nap?"

Danny nodded, not sure how to reconcile his guilt against his mother's cheerfullness.

"I hope you don't mind that I looked in on you," she said. "Did you see the laundry I put on your dresser?"

Danny shook his head.

"Well, there are some clothes for you to put away, later."

"I'm sorry," Danny blurted.

"Sorry?"

"For looking at you. You know, when you were in your bedroom and this morning, when..." Danny's face was beet red and he wanted to cry so badly he couldn't finish his sentence.

"Well, now." His mother replied in a steady, even voice with none of the overtones of irritation or even fury that Danny expected. "The way I see it, I should be apologizing to you. After all, it isn't like you snuck into my bathroom to peep at me, in the shower. You haven't done that, have you?"

Danny's eyes widened at the horror of the very idea. "No!" he proclaimed his innocence.

"Then I should probably be appologizing to you. My little wardrobe malfunction, this morning, was in no way your fault. And, as the mother of two children who still live at home, I should know enough to close my bedroom door, when I am masturbating, just like I hope you do. Do you close the door, when you masturbate?"

Danny's mouth opened, but he was stunned into silence by his mother's blunt question, not to mention her frank admmission. Trying to swallow, he settled for nodding.

"Good," Susan said. "I'm sure you wouldn't want your sister to get an eyeful, like you did, would you?"

Danny shook his head.

"Well, then. There you have it. Both incidents were completely my fault. I chose to wear nothing but a loose-fitting robe. And I was so eager to try my new vibrator that I'm afraid I failed to take even the most basic precautions to preserve my modesty. I'm sorry. I'm sure you didn't want to see my saggy old tits."

"They're not saggy!" Danny's mouth snapped shut with such force that his teeth clicked.

But his mother's face didn't darken with anger. If anything, she seemed even more cheerful than before, and her eyes sparkled.

"Why, thank you. You are a sweet young man." She quickly closed the distance between them and, bending slightly, since she was several inches taller than he was, gave him a light peck, on the cheek.

"So," she chirped, brightly, as she spun away, "what shall we have for supper? Chinese food or pizza?"

"Chinese."

"I should have guessed."

Susan bent to dig in her purse, which was in it's usual place on a low bench, just inside the back door, and Danny found his eyes fixed on her ass. He couldn't believe she not only admitted that she masturbated but had come right out and said that she was using a vibrator, when he found himself staring at her half-naked body. She actually owned a vibrator! And she didn't seem to mind that he jerked off. Hell, she didn't even seem to mind that he had seen her tits, twice, and, the second time, had just stood there and watched her for what seemed like ages. He wished he hadn't looked away, when he saw them the first time. He had really missed a prime opportunity and, now that he didn't seem to need to fear her reaction, he would certainly take advantage of any other opportunity that might arise. Just like he was taking full advantage, now, admiring the way her thin dress outlined the curves of her ass.

When Susan straightened, his eyes slid up her body, lingering for just a moment on her breasts, before completing the journey to where they belonged, focused on her face.

"I'm afraid it might be a while before you can look at me without seeing my naked tits. I'm sorry about that."

"I don't mind." Again, Danny blushed and braced for his mother's reaction. And, again, her response surprised him. 

"Good. Because there's not much I can do to conceal these." She hefted her tits in both hands, lifting them from below, almost as if offering them to Mike, and gave them a little shake. 

"No, I guess not." Mike knew her shouldn't stare, but he she was making her breasts the center of attention. He couldn't exactly look away. 

"Here." She handed him a credit card. "You know what we like. Order enough for Karen, too. I'm going to go wake your father; he's had a hard day."

"Okay," Danny watched her leave and, when she was out of sight, quickly adjusted his dick which was hard, again, and twisted uncomfortably. 

He tried not to think about his mothers tits and wished he was capable of slipping off, for a few minutes, to get some relief. But that was simply not an option any more. It was as if his body was trying to keep him as horny as possible for as long as possible. Which meant that, if he let himself think about his mother's tits, it would just make his dick ache, even more than it already did. 

He ordered dinner and made himself a sandwich to eat, while he waited. 

-

Susan found her husband in the shower. 

"Did you have a nice nap," she asked, as she pulled her dress over her head. 

"Oh, yeah," Mike agreed, enthusiastically. 

He turned off the shower and pulled the curtain open, just as she was folding her dress. 

"Next," he said, waving her into the tub and reaching for a towel. 

"No, I already bathed." 

"Then why did you undress?"

"I thought my master might like to have his back washed."

Mike raised his eyebrows. "Are you feeling lusty, again?"

Susan's blush started at her chest and spread up to her forehead and down, across her breasts and belly, to her navel.

"Yes. I think you will have to punish me, even more."

"Oh? Why?"

"Well, for one thing, I missed a drop of your cum. I thought I succeeded, but when I looked in the mirror, it was just here," she touched the corner of her mouth. 

"Just one drop isn't bad." Seeing the disappointment that flashed across Susan's face, Mike quickly added, "But I will think of something suitable."

"Yes, sir." Susan hung her head, but the corners of her mouth turned up in a hint of a smile. "I also teased our son."

"What?"

"We were in the kitchen, just now, and, when he tried to apologize for seeing me, I told him it wasn't his fault."

"Well, that's true enough."

"And then I told him it was my fault he kept seeing my tits. I said I should have been more careful, when all I had on was a loose robe and that I should have closed my door before masturbating with my new vibrator."

"You said that to him?"

Susan nodded.

"And you actually used the word tits?"

"Several times. And I reminded him of how hard it would be to look at me and not think about my bare tits. And I sort of did this." She lifted and squeezed her tits. 

"But you were dressed, at the time, right?"

"Yes, but not very."

Susan slipped back into her dress. 

"I had this on."

"Without underwear?"

 "I didn't think I should, without your permission."

"Well, you have it now."

"Does that mean I have too?"

Mike studied his wife, giving her question serious thought. 

"For now, let's go with this. Away from home, you will not dress or act in any way that will call undo attention to you or our family, unless I tell you to. That means respectable clothes and, yes, underwear. And, here at home, you may wear whatever you like."

"Thank you." Susan hugged him and kissed his lips. 

Mike put his arms around her and crushed her body against his.

"I love you."

"Oh, God, Mike, I love you so much."

"Good." He released her. "Now, let's talk punishment."

Turning his back, Mike walked into their bedroom and opened his dresser. Susan watched, meekly, as he pulled on his underwear and a pair of jeans. 

"First, for failing to keep your promise to swallow every drop, you will be spanked. Fifteen times, for your first offense, which was the most egregious, and five for the second. I will use my bare hand on your bare ass. In addition, you will practice your technique, daily, with an additional five strokes for each subsequent failure."

"Yes, sir. Now, sir?"

"Are you talking about your punishment, or practice?"

Susan sand too her knees and lowered her head. 

"Whatever my master desires."

"Not now. How bad is the lust, right now?"

"It's pretty strong."

"Are you desperate?"

"Not quite."

"Good. It's your own damn fault for teasing the boy. You can wait until it's time for bed."

"Yes, sir."

Mike pulled on a t-shirt and sat in the edge of the bed.

"Now, I have a punishment in mind for that teasing. But it can wait. Have you thought about what we should tell the kids, and when?"

Susan shook her head. 

"I'm pretty sure they need to know everything. But I'm even more sure that we shouldn't tell them, tonight. You said that you thought Karen was affected, too, right?"

"Yes."

"We should watch her, this evening. You said the lust is pretty bad, right?"

"Yes."

"Let's keep an eye on Karen and see how she reacts when she walks into it."

"Oh, God, Mike. I didn't think about that."

"You can apologize to her, once she understands what is going on. In the meantime, find some way of discreetly finding out what she's feeling."

"Yes, sir."

"And no sir crap, outside of the bedroom."

"Yes, sir. Sir?"

"Yes?"

"If we need to tell them, why not tonight?"

"Because I'm not sure how they will respond. Mostly, I'm afraid that Karen will realize how much better she will feel, if she's close to her brother. And if she feels too good, when he's close by, she might do something without thinking it through."

"Oh! I see. You're right, of course. She made it through last night, with Henry's help, so..."

"Who in the hell is Henry?"

"Oh. Henry isn't a who, it's a what. That 's what she calls her magic wand. You know, her vibrator that's like the one Danny saw me using."

"Why does she call it Henry?"

Susan shrugged and smiled. "Because she's nineteen years old, I guess. Anyway, she got through last night so she should be able to make it through another one. Maybe it won't be as bad, tonight."

"Why would you say that?" asked Mike. 

"Well, it can't keep getting stronger for ever. Eventually, it will have to taper off, won't it?" 

Mike shrugged. "I have no idea."

"I don't understand why it keeps happening, in the evenings," said Susan. "I understand this morning; Danny saw me and it affected him. And this afternoon, too, for that matter. But what has been setting him off, in the evenings? And what makes it stop?"

Mike looked at her, his head cocked to one side. "You really don't understand?"

"Well, no," said Susan. 

"You were never a teen-aged boy, were you?"

Susan looked down at her naked tits. "Not that I noticed."

"Teen aged boys think about sex, almost all of the time. And, after spending an entire day with sexy thoughts constantly hovering in the backs of their minds, they tend to get a little more focused when they get some time alone. And if they get focused enough, they generally have to take matters in hand to get some relief."

Susan didn't understand what Mike was saying until he said the final word. Relief had taken on a new meaning for her and a mental image formed of her son "taking matters into his own hand." 

"Do you mean he masturbates, every night?"

"Of course. And probably this afternoon, too. I know I would have, when I was his age, if I saw what he saw."

Susan's heart pounded as, with another round of lust building inside of her, she imagined what must be happening when it became so incredibly intense just before fading completely away. 

The lust was getting stronger, now. What was Danny doing, she though. What was he thinking about?

"Mom? Dad?"

Susan jumped and snapped her head around to look at the door, when she heard her son's voice. Not that she was doing anything incredibly inappropriate; granted, she was on her knees, but she had her dress on. And Mike was dressed, as well. Still, she they had just been talking about him and she had some pretty graphic images of what she imagined he did, alone in his room, still floating in her head. 

But Danny wasn't standing in the doorway. He had stopped short and didn't come into view until after Mike said, "Come on in."

Even though she was dressed, Susan felt a surge of lust Cingular from her son when he saw her, on her knees. 

He must have the wrong idea, she thought. He thinks there's something sexual happening.

"Supper was just delivered," Danny said. 

"Okay," said Mike. "We'll be right out. Go ahead and start, if you're hungry."

"Um, yeah. Okay."

He didn't have the wrong idea, at all, thought Susan. This is a sexual situation; I am kneeling in front of my master. Every situation with Mike is going to be sexual, for a while, at least. Maybe for ever.

Mike reached out to stroke her cheek and she pressed her face against his hand. 

"Shall we eat?"

"Yes, sir," said Susan. She let him help her to her feet and followed him to the kitchen. 

Where Danny waited. She could feel him waiting. With every step she took, she felt him more intensely. And she realized that every time she was with her son would be sexually charged, as well. Even if the memory of her body didn't excite him, the knowledge that he was sexually pleasuring himself and unwittingly sharing that pleasure with her. 

And sharing it with Mike, as well, at least indirectly. If it weren't for Danny, nothing that had happened over the past twenty four hours would have been even remotely possible. She owed him so much. 

With that thought in the forefront of her mind, she walked into the kitchen and saw him. He hadn't started eating. Instead, he had set the table for four, including glasses of iced tea, and laid out the food. 

Unable to help herself, Susan strode purposefully across the room at a pace that would have had heels clacking, if she weren't barefoot. She saw him focus on her unrestrained breasts, which she could feel bouncing, and felt the lust he sent her strengthen. But that didn't bother her, in the least. She welcomed it.

Danny watched his mothers breasts dance under her thin dress and felt his dick, which had been hard since she talked so openly too him, half an hour earlier, throb in response. And, before he could force himself to look away, her arms were around him. 

Danny, who was several inches shorter than his mother and, for that matter, everybody else in his family, found his face nestled on the crook of her neck. Instinctively, he put his arms around her back and, when his mother squeezed, he did the same. 

It wasn't like it was the first time she had ever hugged him. His mother had never been overly affectionate, and he didn't remember ever being kissed by her, but hugs were fairly common. Those hugs, however, were nothing like this. For one thing, he was now acutely aware that there was a very female body, in his arms, not just a mother. He had always known, on an intellectual level, that, in order to have children his parents must have had sex. But that was a far cry from actually seeing her masturbating and knowing how her tits moved when an orgasm made her body shake. 

Yes. Somehow, his plain old boring and slightly prudish mother was actually a real woman with the same very female features that made all of those naked women, on the Internet, so exciting. She was pressing that body against his. Her breasts were crushed against his chest and her pubic bone pressed firmly against his erection. 

As the fully-body contact sent a thrill through his body, Danny reflexively tightened his arms and, for some reason, she shuddered. 

"I love you."

The words were whispered, warm and damp, into his ear as she broke away from him, using her hands, against his chest, to force herself out of his grasp and backing away to half hide behind his father, holding onto his arm, defensively. 

His father! Shit! He had been standing there, the whole time. 

But he didn't look angry. If anything, in fact, he looked pleased. 

Danny hardly had time to think that through before the back door opened. 

"Karen!" Danny's father exclaimed. "You made it just in time for supper."

-

Karen was beat. 

She never would have guessed that waiting on tables would be so exhausting. Or that people were such assholes. 

As she drove home, she vowed to get a decent nights sleep, before she had to get up early, in the morning, to work the breakfast to lunch shift.

Henry would have to stay in his box, tonight. 

Oh, shit! Henry!

The last time she had seen her vibrator, it had been on top of the basket of laundry, her mother had been holding. She had actually discussed masturbation and the joy of owning a good vibrator, with her mother. How could she face her? What was her mother's reaction going to be, now that she'd had all day to realize what a disgusting pervert Karen was. 

Karen wanted to run away and hide. 

She wished she hadn't been so freaked out by Rosa's kiss. Rosa was more than her best friend, she had been her only friend, through the hard years of puberty, and was the only person she felt close enough to to share her deepest emotions. And if Karen wasn't careful, she was going to lose her. 

Acting before she could have any second thoughts, Karen pulled out her phone, instead of starting her car, and made the call.

"Hello?" Rosa sounded timid, when she answered. 

"I'm sorry!" Karen immediately blurted out. 

"You're sorry?" said Rosa. 

"Yes," said Karen. "I know it must have been hard, deciding to take a chance, like that."

"Decide?" Asked Rosa, incredulous. "Do you really think I decided to do that? I didn't decide. It's just that I have kissed you, so many times, in my fantasies, that it just seemed natural. I didn't even know it was going to happen. It just did."

"You have fantasies about me?" asked Karen. 

"I've been fantasizing about you since I was twelve years old."

"I never even knew you were lesbian. Why didn't you tell me?"

"I'm not a lesbian," explained Rosa. "At least I don't think I am. I've been with a few guys, you know. And I like being with guys. I'm attracted to guys, not girls. Except for you. For some reason, I have always had theses feelings about you. And I didn't tell you because I was afraid you would freak out and I don't think I can stand losing your friendship."

"You will never stop being my best friend!" Karen exclaimed, hearing the tremble if imminent tears in Rosa's voice.

"I thought I already did."

"I know. Like I said, I'm sorry. Really sorry. You were right not to tell me. I would have completely freaked. Kissing me was better. I still freaked out, but when I calmed down, I started to realize that I didn't hate it. In fact, I've had a couple of fantasies about you, since them."

"Really?"

Rosa didn't sound very believing and, for some reason, Karen thought she should convince her. 

"You know about Henry."

"Yeah," said Rosa. "I still can't believe you named your vibrator."

"I was really horny, last night, so I got Henry out and as I was using him, I imagined that you were watching."

"Oh, God, Karen. Don't tease me."

"I'm not teasing. I was completely naked and watching myself in a mirror and imagined that you were watching. I came so hard I had to stuff my panties in my mouth. I even forgot to put Henry away and my mother... Shit!"

"What?"

"Mom found Henry. Listen, Rosa, I want to be your friend. Maybe I want to be more than friends. But you know how my mother is. If I don't get my ass home and face whatever music she has in mind for me, I might never get to see you, again. I've got to go home, right now. Okay?"

"Okay. Thanks for calling. Really. If you don't want to do anything, I understand, but I couldn't stand losing you."

"You didn't lose me and you're not going to. Text me, later. I'll tell you how bad it is."

 "Okay. Bye, Karen. Thanks for calling."

"Good night, Rosa."

Karen punched End, tossed her phone into her purse and started the car. She had been turned on by her conversation with Rosa, but the excited anticipation, not to mention the fear she felt at the prospect of becoming intimate with her best friend, were almost overwhelmed by the dread of what she had to face, when she got home. 

The dread built as she got closer to home, but, as she pulled up to the side of the house, it became infused with something else. Her nipples tightened and she felt an urge to squeeze them, as she walked up the driveway. She could see her mother, hugging her brother, through the window in the back door, but all she could think about was getting up to her room and putting Henry to work, again. 

Except Henry wouldn't be there. Of all the possible punishments she could face, Karen decided, losing Henry was going to be the worst. Especially on those nights when she really needed him. And she could tell by the ache between her legs, that tonight was going to be one of those nights. It might even be worse than last night. 

Well, fuck! If she couldn't have Henry, at least she still had her fingers. And there was one good thing: she was so fucking horny she didn't give a shit what her mother did to her. 

She pushed open the door. 

"Karen! You made it just in time for supper."


