
Danny was emotionally torn.

Erin hadn't called. After the way she cursed him and knowing what she thought he had done to her, he suspected that she never would.

Danny had nothing against one-night stands. But it would be nice if the woman he lost his virginity to didn't hate him, afterwords. He knew he hadn't actually drugged her, but she thought he had taken her against her will.

It was a sickening feeling to know that, even though he wasn't a rapist, there was somebody who felt raped by him.

On top of the whole, unfathomable situation with Erin, there was something going on between Karen and Rosa. Danny had had no idea that either of them were lesbians, until today. But they had been upstairs for more than four hours and, judging by the noises he occasionally heard, not to mention how Rosa had crawled upstairs, naked with a pair of panties in her mouth, right past him and into Karen's room, there was definitely something going on between them.

He couldn't stop imagining what they were doing and the combination of picturing Karen and Rosa acting out a lesbo-porno and the depressing thoughts about Erin had Danny's hormones bouncing all over the place and his dick jumping up and down like a gymnast.

Having spent the day downstairs, to give his sister some privacy, Danny was glad when the two of them came down, that afternoon.

"Hi, Danny." Even with her darker complexion, Rosa's blush was obvious.

"Hi, Rosa. It's nice to see you." Danny didn't realize how his words could be interpreted until her eyes dropped and her blush deepened.

Karen gave Danny a nervous glance, as she walked Rosa to the back door, and hesitated, a moment, before giving Rosa a long, intense kiss.

"I work the from ten to two, tomorrow. I can swing by your place, on the way home."

"My mom will be there," Rosa said.

"Don't worry. We don't have to do anything. We can just hang out."

Rosa's smile was incandescent and Danny, instead of being turned on by their continued good-bye kissing, realized he was jealous.

"Are you going to tell Mom and Dad?"

Danny looked up at his sister and simply said, "No?"

"Do you hate me?" 

"What?" Danny stared at his sister, docked at her question. "Why would I hate you?"

"I saw the way you looked at me, when I kissed her."

With thoughts of Erin still spinning though his head, Danny could only think of one thing that could possibly msg how him hate his own sister. "Did you force her to do anything against her will?"

"No!" Karen gasped. "This was... It was her idea."

"So, crawling up the stairs, naked, was her idea?"

"Well, not exactly," Karen replied. "But being told what to do was. It's kind of a long story and sort of personal. But I didn't force her to do anything."

"Then  it's not my place to tell anybody anything," Danny flatly declared.

"You think I'm disgusting, don't you?" Karen asked, defensively.

"No!" Danny replied. "Not at all. Exactly the opposite. The thought of two of you together is sexy as hell. I just..."

"What, Danny?"

"The way she looked at you...." He sighed. "I guess I'm jealous."

"You're jealous of Rosa?"

"Yes. And you, too. I wish somebody would look at me, like that."

Karen stared at him for several long seconds.

"Not just any somebody, though," she said. "Right? There's somebody specific you have in mind, isn't there?"

Danny nodded.

"What's her name?"

"Erin."

"Aaron?" Karen asked. "Are you in to boys?"

"No. Erin," Danny said. "With an E."

"Oh," Karen smiled as understanding dawned. "An Irish lass. Does she have red hair and green eyes?"

"Oh, yeah!"

Karen laughed. "Now you're making me jealous." Grinning, she asked, "Have you kissed her?"

Danny nodded. "And a lot more than that. But now she thinks I forced her, somehow. I didn't, but she thinks I did."

"How old is she, Danny?" Karen asked. "She's  too young, is she?"

"What? No! Not at all. She's...older."

"Older than what? Older than you?" Danny nodded. "Older than me?" Nod. "Older than Mom?"

"No. She's, um, in between you and Mom. Twenty something, I guess."

"You fucked a twenty something redhead?" Karen asked. On the heels recent discovery of the joys of being with another woman, she added, "I really am jealous. Does she have big tits?"

"No," Danny barked. "And don't talk about her like that. Karen, she thinks I drugged her. She thinks I raped her."

"Did you?"

"No!" Danny wailed, tears streaming down his cheeks.

"Sorry. I'm sorry, Danny. Of course you didn't." Karen sat down on the sofa, next to her brother. "So, how did you seduce older woman?"

"I didn't. I don't think I did. I mean, I guess, she sort of seduced me."

"Are you sure?"

Danny slowly said, "She called me to come help her sort through Mrs. Maxwell's stuff - Erin is Mrs Maxwell's granddaughter. When I got there, she was wearing very sexy clothes. And, when I got inside, she sort of got on her knees and pull my pants down and...."

After a few seconds of silence, Karen said, "Well, it's obvious, then."

"What's obvious?"

"She wanted to fuck a cute young kid but, once she was finished, had second thoughts."

"Do you think so?" The relief at having told somebody felt almost as good as Karen's reassurances. 

"It makes sense," Karen explained. "She did something wild while in an emotional state and, once her hormones had settled, She regretted what she had done. She dealt with it all by blaming everything on you."

"Oh," Danny said. "That makes sense. Thanks." With his mood greatly improved, he added! "Do you really think I'm cute?" He gave his sister a wry smile and then winced when she punched him in the arm.

-

Danny's mood was greatly improved until after dinner, when his mother made an announcement that changed everything.

"If everyone would just put their dishes in the sink and then sit back down, I will take care of them later."

Susan looked at her children, watching her expectantly, and glanced nervously at Mike. They had discussed this at length over the last two days. They both agreed that it was time that everybody knew the truth. But thought it might be difficult to convince the kids, especially Danny. So they had devised a demonstration that should convince Karen and, maybe with her voice added to theirs, they could make Danny see how things were and start to plan for the future.

"There is something very important that we need to tell you," Susan said, standing up and pacing, nervously.

"Oh God!" Karen gasped. "You're getting a divorce."

Mike laughed out loud.

"No!" Susan said, aghast. "We have never been happier. At least, I have never been happier, and Mike seems happy."

"Oh, I am happy." Mike grinned at his wife.

"No. What we have to say is about Danny, but it affects us all."

"What about me?" Danny quietly asked. "Did you hear something from the doctors? Am I... Am I dying?"

"Dear God, no. Will you to just relax. What we have to tell you is important, but not horrible. Certainly nothing like divorce or death."

"So, what is it?" asked Karen.

"It might be hard to believe," said Susan. "So, before I tell you, I want to show you something. Danny, would you please close your eyes?"

"What? Why?" asked Danny.

"Please. It will all make sense, eventually. Just close your eyes. Please?"

Shrugging, Danny closed his eyes, and covered them with his hands.

"Now, Karen, please don't say anything," Susan said, as she undid her buttons.

"Why..."

"Please don't say anything," Mike said, firmly.

Susan smiled at her husband, and pulled her blouse off. She also removed the camisole she had been wearing for as long as she could remember, to keep the outline of her bra from showing through her top, and reached behind her back.

Sighing with relief when the tension of her bra was released, Susan removed it, hung it on the back of the chair with her other clothes, and, ignoring her daughter's shocked expression, spent a few seconds rubbing at the marks the damn thing always left behind.

She glanced at Karen, who was staring at her naked breasts, wide eyed, and said, "Open your eyes, Danny."

Danny's mouth dropped open, a fraction of a second after he uncovered his eyes.

Susan smiled when she heard Karen's involuntary grunt, as Danny's lust slept over both of them.

"You feel it, don't you, Karen?"

"Jesus!" Karen gasped. "Yes."

"You have been feeling it for a few days, haven't you?"

Karen nodded and gave her brother a wide-eyed stare.

"Feeling what?" Danny asked. His eyes bouncing from Karen's shocked expression to his mother's shockingly normal one and down to her naked tits. "What do you feel?"

"Danny," Susan said, "I think it's time I told you the truth about your father."

As if behind topless after supper was as normal as doing the dishes, sat back down and started to talk.

As Susan told the story of Danny's conception and explained how she and Mike reasoned that he had inherited a variation of some psychic power that had made it possible for a stranger to so easily seduce Danny's mother, she noticed that, despite her partial nudity, the last that Danny projected quickly faded and, before long, she felt self-conscious about her nakedness.

Suddenly, Danny jumped up, flipping his chair over, exclaimed, "Then I did rape her!" and bolted for the stairs.

"What was that about?" Mike said.

"I think I know." Karen explained what Danny had told her, a few hours before.

"That poor boy," Susan said. "He had no idea."

"We waited too long," Mike said. "If he had known this, yesterday morning, it would not have happened. I will go talk to him. Karen, I'm sure your mother can answer any questions you might have."

Karen watched her father leave and then turn to her mother. "So what should we do? What if Erin goes to the police?"

Susan shook her head. "She won't go to the police. She will come back to Danny."

"Do you think so?" Karen asked.

"Karen, look at me. Have you ever seen my tits before? Have you ever even heard me even say tits? Being around Danny's influence for a few days has completely changed me. Almost all I think about is sex. I have given your father so many blowjobs, this weekend, that I am afraid he might start to get raw. I did that. Me. Can you imagine me ever giving a man a blowjob?"

Karen chuckled and shook her head.

"Saturday morning, I accidentally let Mike see my tits. Later that day, I let him catch me masturbating, naked. He would have seen everything if I wasn't covered from the waist down with a sheet."

"Jesus, mom."

"I don't think any woman can completely resist him. Not if she has felt the full force of his influence."

"I resisted him," Karen said.

"Can you? Think about what it's like, when he climaxes. When that pleasure and arousal and raw need keeps building building, no matter how many times you come, until it finally explodes. You know what I'm talking about, right?"

Karen nodded.

"Now imagine never feeling it, again."

Susan watched the blood drain from her daughter's face.

"Think about how desperate you might get. What would you do to make it come back? How far would you be willing to go?"

"God, mom! I don't know."

"Now imagine that Erin woman. She wasn't just in the same house, she was in the same bed. She experienced that blast at point-blank range. And all she has to do to feel it again, is something she has already done. She fucked him, once; she will do it again. I do not think she will last the week."

"What about us? Are we going to start fucking Danny?"

"Of course not. We can't do that. We have to find a way to stop ourselves from going that far. You will need to find some sort of outlet - some way to satisfy the need that Danny makes you feel. I'm lucky. I have your father."

Susan chuckled.

"Or maybe I should say your father has me."

"What?" Karen asked. "What does that mean?"

"I gave myself to him. I am his slave. He is my master. I do anything he tells me to do. Anything. And, since he controls me, I don't have to control myself. Danny doesn't seem to affect him."

"So I am supposed to become some guys slave, just so that I won't fuck Danny?"

"You don't have to become a slave. I did because... Well, I think I have always been naturally submissive, without realizing, and overcompensated by becoming a bitch."

"Naturally submissive?"

"Yes. I read a lot about the domination and submission lifestyle, yesterday, on the Internet. A wonderful thing, the Internet. A lot of people think that you can be naturally submissive. It makes sense, for me. I know that I am happier, now, then I ever imagined I could be."

"Do you think it would have to be a man?"

"What do you mean?"

"What if I was more attracted to a girl?"

"What girl?" Susan asked.

"Rosa."

"Your friend, Rosa?" Susan asked.

"Rosa and I have been sort of experimenting."

Susan's eyes widened. "Here? Where you experimenting here?"

Karen nodded. "Today. This morning."

"Was Danny home? Did you feel his influence?"

Karen nodded, again.

"Could Rosa feel it, too?"

"I... I think so. She was pretty horny. But she was pretty horny, yesterday, too, and she wasn't even in town. I think she is naturally submissive, too. Is that possible?"

"I don't see why not. When did this start?"

"Rosa says she has been having fantasies about me, for years. She sort of lost control and kissed me, just before Danny came home from the hospital."

"So Danny didn't make you start feeling attracted to girls?"

"I don't know. Maybe. Maybe it just gave me an open mind. I was pretty freaked out, after Rosa kissed me. After that, I started to have sexy thoughts about her, and that bothered me until I felt Danny. Now I think about her, all the time." Karen gave her mother a weak smile.

"Do you think about any other girls?"

"No. Not until today. To be completely honest, it's going to be kind of hard not to think about you, a little bit, after seeing you like that."

Susan looked down at herself, but made no attempt to cover her tits.

"Does it bother you?"

"Not bother. Not really. I... I guess I like it."

Susan laughed. "Well, that's probably a good thing. I don't think you need to worry that Danny influence is making you attracted to women. He certainly not influencing you, now."

"I guess not. Rosa, either. That's good to know."

-

"...call me back. It's important. You were right, I did do something. But I did not do it on purpose. Please call me back, so I can explain."

"Do you think that was of that idea?" Mike said, when Danny ended his call.

"Yes! I had to. She deserves to know what I did."

With a sigh, Mike sat on the edge of his sons bed. "What do you think you did?"

"I raped her. I used this stupid fucking power that I inherited from the man who rsped my mother and I did exactly the same thing to Erin."

"Don't you think you're being a little hard on yourself?"

"No. No I don't." Danny scowled.

"Think of it this way, Danny. What if it was a virus? What if there was a virus that had this effect infecting women. Would it be your fault, if you didn't know you had the disease?"

"I don't know, it might be. People with HIV can't claim they're not responsible, just because it never got tested."

"They could when nobody knew the disease even existed. Can't you see the difference, Danny? Everybody knows about HIV. It's been in the news. Nobody has heard about this new virus."

"But it's not a virus. It's me."

"You're right," Mike sighed. "But you still didn't know. Whatever happened is not your fault. If anything, it's my fault. Your mother and I had things pretty well figured out by Saturday afternoon. We should've told you."

"I guess." Danny did not sound convinced.

Mike patted the bed. "Why don't you sit down and tell me what did happen."

Danny set down and started to talk.

As he listened to Danny's story, Mike felt decidedly uncomfortable. Although Mike had always known that he was not Danny's biological father, he never thought of him as anything but his son. And the thought of the young man with a woman much older and more experienced than him made Mike both proud and aroused.

Nevertheless, he tried to stay focused.

"Surely, you must have met her before yesterday," he said, after Danny finished describing Erin's tirade.

"Yeah. On Saturday. And I had seen her picture before."

"What happened Saturday?"

"I was mowing Mrs. Maxwell's yard, when Erin got there. When she came to talk to me, I had a pretty obvious erection and my shorts didn't do a very good job of hiding it. She saw it and sort of freaked out and ran away."

"Saturday morning. That would be after your mother accidentally flashed you."

Danny nodded, blushing. "Yeah. I couldn't get them, um, her out of my mind. I'm sorry."

"Well that explains it. Erin wasn't running away from what she saw, she was running away from what she felt. And she couldn't stay away. Judging by the way you say she was dressed, she had every intention of having some sort of sexual encounter with you, on Sunday. I just don't see how this could be your fault."

"I guess. I don't know what I should do?"
"I think your instinct was right. Calling her and was probably the right thing to do. If she calls back, tell her the truth."

"What about everything else? What about mom Karen? What about every other girl in the world?"

"I don't think you need to worry about your mother. Do you want to know why we didn't tell you what we thought was happening, right away?"

"No."

"Because we were enjoying it too much. Especially your mother. Have you seen her, this weekend?"

Danny laughed and, after a second or two, Mike joined in.

"I guess that's sort of a stupid question, isn't it? You've see more of your mother, in the last 72 hours, then you ever thought you would, haven't you?"

"Yeah", Danny replied. "Why is that? I mean, did mom show me her ti... breasts on purpose?"

"I think you can call them tits, if you want to. She does. And the answer to your question is, not the first time, in the kitchen. That was completely accidental, although she may have been a little careless because of how good you had made her feel on Friday night. She told me that she had been feeling your influence earlier in the week, but Friday night was the first time she found it irresistible and had to wake me up."

"Wake you up?"

It was Mike's turn to blush. "She was horny. She was really horny. Really, really horny. Horny or then I think you can imagine. As horny as Erin was. She needed some relief. She had to try to satisfy her sided and unbearably intense craving."

Mike gazed, intently, at Danny for a few seconds. "Let's not beat around the bush. Your mother needed to fuck. She needed to fuck badly. She needed to fuck like she had never needed to fuck sense the day she encountered your father. Fortunately, I was there and was able to satisfy her need, until you were finished."

"Can I say something?" Danny timidly asked.

"Of course. You can ask me anything. You can tell me anything. We are going to have to find a way for you to live a normal life with this thing that you have going on. So, yes, please ask."

"Well, first, can we stop calling the man that raped mom my father? I think that's what bothers me the most. The thought of treating somebody the way he treated her makes me sick. I hate him. I would kill him, if I could. He is not my father. You are my father!"

Mike, tears welling up in his eyes, turned and hug his son. "Thank you. That means a lot."

"So, what other questions do you have?" Mike asked, releasing his son.

"Well, you said that mom didn't flash me on purpose, the first time. What about the second time?"

"She knew you were home. She could feel you. I was there, you know. You didn't see me, but I could see your mother. I told her not to stop. I was... I wasn't making the best decisions, at the time. I was horny, too."

"Because of me?"

"No," Mike chuckled. "As far as I know, you don't affect me. I don't know if that's because I am a man, or just because I am immune. At some point we need to figure that out. I'm not sure how."

"So why were you horny?"

"Why was I horny? Let's see. The night before, your mother, a woman I had not made love to in years, woke me up and fucked me like a crazed ferret. When she was finished, she gave me the first blowjob, ever. And then, on Saturday, while I was at work, she went to a sex store and bought a vibratory. And not just a vibrator. She bought three. Two for herself and one for Karen. She was naked, demonstrating one of them for me. That's why I was horny. And then you came home. I already suspected that you might be the cause of her strange new feelings, based on how she described the first time she felt them, on the day you were conceived, and how it felt when her robe fell open, you got an eye full, and your hormones started to flow."

"Yeah. I'm sorry about that. I know seeing her should not have affected me."

Mike, tilting his head to the side said, "You are a 15-year-old boy. You are hardwired, by nature, to be affected by a sight like that. Which is why I decided to find out, for sure, if you we're responsible for how she was feeling."

"You decided?" Danny asked. 

"Like I said, I was horny and not thinking very clearly. I pulled the sheet down to expose her tits and got out of the way. It was an experiment."

"And when I saw her..."

"She went fucking nuts. It may not have been a very well-planned experiment, but it was absolutely successful. There could be no doubt, after that, where her feelings were coming from."

"What about Karen?"

"You definitely affect your sister. I know this because the reason Susan went to buy a vibrator was because she found the one Karen had used, on Friday night, when you were masturbating."

"She was? Wait. How did you know I was masturbating?"

"Well, I guess I didn't, until just now. But it made sense. Your mother felt lusty, in the evenings, after you had gone to bed. I know what I did when I went to bed, at your age. Her feelings intensified over time, reaching a sudden climax which I could only assume coincided with yours. The only thing that didn't quite make sense was that it was only happening once a day, until Saturday, and not at all on Sunday. When I was your age, I jerked off two or three times, most days, and only missed a day if I was really sick.

"Of course," added Mike, "I might have skipped an evening if I had spent that morning losing my virginity and being accused of rape."

"Yeah," said Danny. "So, does it take Mom a long time too, you know, feel better?"

"Do you mean, does it take her a long time to come?" Mike chuckled. "Not at all. She sort of has a hair trigger. One that resets almost immediately. I never thought any woman could come as fast and as often, let alone Susan."

"Thats, um, good, I guess. But what I mean is, after she starts feeling, you know, what I make her feel, does it take a long time before she is, um, back to normal?"

"To be honest," Mike said, "she hasn't returned to normal since Friday night. No matter what happens, I think her normal will never be what it was. But that's not what you mean, is it?"

"No," Danny said. 

"If by return to normal, you mean how long does it take before she stops feeling you, the the answer is yes. It takes a very long time. About an hour."

"Here's the thing, Dad. Before I got sick, I was like you said. I jerked off all the time. I could get myself off in five minutes, ten at the most and sometimes even less. But after I got sick, it started taking forever. I mean, it feels good and everything, but sometimes it takes me an hour before I can come. I know that's not normal. It's kind of been bothering me."

"No, that's not normal. No wonder you only do it once a day. An hour. Yeah, that makes sense. That's about how long it takes..." Mike's voice trailed off. 

"Dad?" Danny asked. "What's wrong?"

"I said you didn't have an affect on me, but now I'm not so sure..." Rubbing the stubble on his chin, Mike stared into the distance.

"What?" Danny prompted, concerned about what he had done to his father. 

Mike looked at his son. "We agreed to be honest, right?"

"Yeah."

"Well, now it's my turn. There hasn't exactly been a lot of sex in our marriage, Danny. When we were first married, we made love two or three times a week, but it quickly slowed and it wasn't long before weeks could pass between times. It got better, for a while, when we decided to try to have a baby, but after Susan got pregnant with Karen, the gaps got even longer. With a baby around the house, it got even worse and after Susan got pregnant with you, well... I don't think we've made love ten times, since you were born and, before Friday night, it had been at more than three years, since the last time."

"Oh," Danny said. "I always figured married people just did it all the time. I know I would, if I was married."

"It takes two to tango. I've always been willing but your mother has never been particularly eager. I think she learned that sex is nasty, from her mother, and never really got past that. And, of course, she felt incredibly guilty for what happened, the night she conceived you. Do you get the picture."

Danny winced. "Yeah, I guess."

"Good. Now try to imagine yourself in my shoes, on Friday night. It has been years since I last got laid. I've never strayed because, despite everything that has happened, I love Susan dearly. Then, all of a sudden, the very woman I love so much is suddenly very, very interested in sex. She was incredibly eager - not so much willing as demanding. When she woke me up, she was naked and, having seen her body, I'm sure you can appreciate what that did to me. So, to put it bluntly, I should have been been on a hair trigger myself. But I wasn't. I lasted more than an hour. It was like you described, everything felt just as good as ever - better than ever, actually. But it was like a switch was turned off. We went at it for forty-five minutes and I wasn't even thinking about coming. Meanwhile, Susan sort of went off the deep end. Shit, she was pounding herself on me like the world was ending for longer than I used to last from start to finish. Even after she came, for the last time - and let me tell you, that was a sight to behold - it still took her several minutes to get me off, with her mouth."

"Wow."

They sat in silence, side by side, for a few minutes, Mike fondly remembering that first night and Danny imagining what his mother's tits would do while she was "pounding herself".

"It's been that way every time we have fucked while Susan was feeling you. I last for ages - probably until you have finished - and she seems to have a nearly unlimited capacity for orgasms."

When Danny replied, "Sorry", Mike couldn't help laughing.

"There is absolutely no reason to apologize for that! You'll hear no complaints from me."

"So, um, what should I do?" Danny eventually asked. 

Mike shook his head. "I have no idea. Not at the moment, anyway. I could take you to see a doctor, but I'm not sure that's such a good idea. I need to make sure that Karen has been taking her birth control pills, that's for sure."

"You're not saying I'm going to, you know..."

"Fuck your sister?"

Mike had discussed that very possibility with his wife, more than once, over the previous two days, including a couple of hushed phone calls, full of inuendo and low on detail, while they were both at work, during the day. They had agreed that it was probably a bad idea, but that decision hadn't been as straightforward as he would have expected, had he considered the idea as recently as a week earlier. Was that another effect Danny was having on him? It was certainly a possibility. And what about his acceptance of Susan's rapidly diminishing wardrobe? Why had it not bothered him to watch her deliberately exposing herself to her own children? Was that Danny, or just some latent desires of his own, brought to the surface by the effect Danny had on Susan?

"I'm not going to, am I?"

Mike shook his head. "I don't think so. But, as long as she's around you, Karen will need some sort of outlet. Do you know if she had a boyfriend?"

Danny shook his head. "No. Not a boyfriend." He did not elaborate, having told Karen that he would not discuss her relationship with Rosa. 

"She already had a vibrator," Mike said, as if discussing his daughter's sex toys with her brother was perfectly natural. "That's how your mother knew where to buy one. And now she has at least two. But, seeing the way you affect your mother, it seems likely that she'll be looking for something more."

Danny shook his head.

"I'll just stop. I can't make Karen go looking for cheap sex. It's bad enough what I've done to Erin and Mom..."

"Nothing you have done to your mother is bad."

"What do you mean? When she's not flashing her bare breasts, she's wearing clothes so thin and tight that she might as well be."

"That's true," Mike agreed,nodding. "But I wonder if you can see past her tits?"

"What do you mean?" Danny asked. 

"Something else had changed. Have you noticed anything else, aside from her new predilection for partial nudity?"

Danny gave his father's question a moments thought. "Well, I guess she's been giving me a lot of hugs. It's like she's happy, all the time."

"Ding Ding Ding, we have a winner," Mike said. "You guessed it in one. She is happy. Do you know when I last saw her this happy?"

"When Karen was born?"

Mike winced. "I hate to say it, but no. Susan was grimly satisfied, when both of you were born. And that was as happy as the old Susan ever had been. But not like she is, now. It's like she's walking on air. I have never seen her as happy as she has been, since Friday. And I would do an awful lot to keep her this happy."

