Danny sat at the kitchen table, drinking a cup of coffee.

He had gone to bed without jerking off or even getting stiff. Not even talking graphically with his father - and he did still think of himself as the son of Mike Baker - about his mother's bountiful charms and their new relationship had managed to give him an erection.

The truth was that even though their long talk, which had lasted well into the night, had made him feel better, he still felt sick about what his biological father had done to his mother and couldn't help associating that with what had happened between him and Erin. After all, what difference did his intentions make? If Erin felt the way his mother had, it was his fault.

He took another sip of coffee and made a face. Danny wasn't much of a coffee drinker and, when he did, he added sugar liberally. But this morning, black and bitter seemed appropriate.

"Hi."

Danny looked up from his mug to see Karen, already dressed for work.

"You're up early," said Danny.

"Rosa's coming over in a while. I'm going to explain things to her." Giving her brother a pensive look, Karen added, "About you, I mean."

"Good," Danny declared. "She deserves to know. I'm... Karen, did I..." Danny couldn't find the words.

Fortunately, his sister could.

"Did turn me into a lesbian? No. Your ... thing. Your power or ability or feature or whatever - this effect you have on people... It hasn't even been happening for a week. My thing, the thing with Rosa started before that. Apparently a long time before that."

"Yeah, but what if my thing has been happening for longer but it just feels different, now?"

"No. You don't get to do that," Karen scowled, as she poured herself a cup of coffee. "You don't get to take the blame for anything that happened by supposing you might have caused it through some subtle psychic power." Sitting across the table from her brother, she reached for the sugar bowl. "I won the school spelling bee in third grade. Are you going to take the credit for that? Or for my soccer trophies? I'll give you some credit for my grades, because having a kid brother with straight 'A's made me finally buckle down. But you don't get to take the credit for Rosa and me. Maybe you did cause it. Maybe you liked sucking on Mom's tits so much, as a baby, that you turned me on to how much fun a mouth full of stiff, fat nipple can be. But it's just as likely that I was the one who did this to me, when I was suckling at my mommy's tits. No, I don't think you turned me into a lesbian. Even if I did, it wouldn't matter because you're my brother. Lots of things you have done have had an effect on what I became. Just like I like to think that I had some role in turning you into who you are."

"Who I am sucks."

"God damn it!" Karen shouted, splashing coffee onto the table, as she slammed her mug down. "Don't say that!"

To Danny's surprise, his sister started to cry.

"You are my brother. I love you. And I saw the way it affected you when that stupid cunt accused you of raping her."

"But I did..."

"Bullshit, Danny," Karen said. "Bull. Shit. If a beautiful woman, the woman of your dreams, the hottest woman you can imagine, so hot, in fact, that she was literally irresistible, seduced you, would that be rape?"

"No, but..."

"But if she was irresistible because of something you couldn't see, it would be?"

"Yes," Danny replied.

"No," Karen snapped. "It's the same, either way. In both cases, she would have seduced you because of what she is."

"But guys are different than girls," Danny said. "If an average looking girl tried to seduce me, she would succeed. Or she would have."

"What do you think Erin was doing?" Karen stood and reached for a roll of paper towels. "She was trying to seduce you and she succeeded. She called you to come over and when you got there she was dressed to seduce you. Granted, she bit off more than she could chew, but she was the one who decided to take the bite."

Karen scowled, as she cleaned the mess she had made.

"Now that you know what you are," Karen said "Now that you know what you can do, would it be wrong to seduce some stranger and leave her alone in a hotel room, pregnant with your child? Yes. Yes, it would. But you didn't do that. You would never do that. Because you're a good guy. Because, Danny, who you are is not crap."

"There's a flaw in your logic," Danny pointed out.

Karen rolled her eyes. "What would that be?"

"I saw Erin on Saturday," he declared. "She got close to me, when I was horny. That's why she called. That's why I fucked her."

"You're right, of course. Why didn't I think of that?" With surprising speed, Karen slapped Mike on the side of his head. "Because it's not true, you dolt."

"I should know..."

"What?" Karen demanded. "What should you know? Have you felt your power? Have you watched yourself in the mirror as you got yourself off, over and over and over until you weren't sure if you might die from the pleasure but couldn't stop? Have you, Danny?"

Danny shook his head.

"Well I have. So don't you fucking dare give me any crap about what you should know. You don't know jack shit. I was sitting next to you, at dinner, on Saturday night. I was six fucking inches away from you. And you were horny as shit. I know because I was practically ready to fuck a doorknob. Did you know I jilled off, in the bathroom? Did you know that my panties were so wet that I didn't put them back on and I still have no idea where they are? Did you?"

Again, Danny shook his head.

"And yet, somehow, I managed to resist the temptation to fuck you. How many times have you fucked Mom?"

"None!" he gasped.

"And you think ten seconds of exposure somehow forced this Erin bitch to seduce you?" Karen asked. "Don't get me wrong, Danny. I have no doubt that you could easily fuck any woman you could get close to, if that was what you wanted. But you would have to put some effort into it. Every woman who gets close to you when you're feeling a little randy isn't going to wind up banging her heels off of your ass."

"Oh," Danny said and, feeling rather stunned, sipped his coffee.

There was a knock on the back door. Karen glanced up, then sat next to her brother.

"I'm glad we had this talk and I would be happy to pick back up where we left off, later, if you want."

"Are you going to hit me again?" Danny asked, with a half smile.

Karen snorted. "Maybe. If I have to. Which, knowing you, I probably will. But the thing is, Rosa is here and I would really like to explain things to her with no chance of your influence. So do you suppose you could take a walk, for a while?"

"Yes. Of course."

He drained his coffee and stood up, but paused before opening the door.

"Do you think it's okay for me to go outside?"

"Are you even remotely horny?"

Smiling weakly, Danny shook his head.

"That's right," Karen said. "You are not. I would know if your were. And I still wouldn't ride your cock. I think you'll be okay."

Danny pulled the door open.

"Hi, Rosa. You look very nice."

Rosa, who was wearing a floral sundress and had obviously put some serious effort into her hair and make up, blushed and smiled.

"I'll leave you two alone, then."

"Danny," Karen said, and Danny paused, looking back at her. "If any MILFs jump your bones, while you are out, you can hit me back."

Danny smiled, grimly. "It's a deal."

"What was that..." he heard Rosa say, before the closing door cut her off.

-

Despite Karen reassurances, Danny was nervous about being out in public. But there was an elementary school, nearby, and since school was out for the summer and it was barely eight o'clock on a Tuedsay morning, it should be pretty quiet. He headed that way, his head a confusing jumble of conflicting thoughts and emotions.

Unable to think clearly, Danny sat on a swing and let his mind wander.

When it started to rain, Danny glanced at his watch and was surprised to see that he had been mindlessly sitting for a little more than an hour. Wondering how long Karen needed, he decided to give her another thirty minutes and then head home.

The heavens opened and Danny welcomed the rain. He leaned back and, through slotted eyes, watched the heavy drops fall. He was quickly soaked to the skin, but it wasn't cold and he didn't mind.

After five or ten minutes, he looked towards the sound of somebody repeatedly honking their horn. There was a car in the school parking lot but he didn't recognize it until Rosa got out, to stand beside it, and yell something at him.

He couldn't make out what she said, over the sound of the rain, but a loud thunderclap got him out of his swing and he hurried over towards his sister's girlfriend.

She got back into her car, when she saw he was on his way, and leaned across to open the passenger door.

"Karen said you wouldn't have enough sense to get out of the rain," Rosa said. "Come on, I'll take you home."

Rosa looked like a drowned rat. Danny thought he probably did, too, but at least he had only spent five minutes getting dressed that morning.

"Sorry about your dress and makeup."

"That's okay. My makeup was ruined, already."

"Why?"

"When Karen told me to come over, this morning, I thought we were going to, you know, fool around, like yesterday. But when I saw that she was dressed for work, all I could think of was that she was going to call the whole thing off."

"Did she?" Danny asked, anxiously.

"No," Rosa shook her head. "But I was crying so hard that it took her a while to convince me."

Rosa pulled her car up the Baker's driveway.

"What did she say?"

"She agreed to be my mistress, on a trial basis, for one month."

"Your mistress?"

"Yes," Rosa said.

"Is that a good thing?" Danny asked.

Rosa gave Danny a smile that shined through her ruined makeup and wet hair.

"You have no idea I have wanted this for so long, but never dared to say a word. It's a dream come true. And it's all the better because I always assumed it was an impossible dream."

"Oh," Danny replied. "That's good, I guess. If you're happy."

"I am. I really am."

"Did, um, did Karen say anything about me?"

Rosa nodded. "To be honest, that's mostly what we talked about. She seemed worried that the way you radiate horniness might bother me. She said she wanted to make sure that whatever I decided was because I really wanted it and not because of you."

"Good."

Rosa grinned. "You must feel like a cat in a creamery."

"More like a kitten in a stockyard."

Rosa laughed. "I like you, Danny. You're funny." She stroked his cheek. "But, just so you know, my mistress won't allow me to fuck you until your mood improves."

"What?"

"But you can see me naked, anytime you want."

"What?"

"My mistress instructed me to strip whenever you ask, no matter what. If you want to see me naked, just say the word." Rosa closed her eyes and shivered. "I liked it, the last time you saw me naked. If it feels that good, every time, then it's going to be hard to keep my clothes on. In fact, I can take them off, now, if you like. It won't take long, I'm not wearing underwear."

"No!" Danny snapped, as Rosa was reaching for the buttons of her dress. "No. I can't believe I'm saying this but...I need to work some things out. I can't control my power and I don't want to force anybody to do anything."

"But you won't be. Don't you see? I am Karen's slave," again, she closed her eyes and trembled. "That has nothing to do with you. If you tell me to strip, I won't be obeying you, I will be obeying my mistress."

"I... I don't know. I... I... I should go inside and put on some dry clothes."

"Okay," Rosa smiled. "Let me know when you change your mind."

"I guess I'll see you around." Danny partially opened the car door.

"You'll probably get tired of seeing me, before too long."

"That's not likely," Danny thought, as he bolted out of the car and into the shelter of the back porch. He waved at Rosa, still in her car, and went into the house.

Danny spent the day watching TV, surfing the Internet, and hoping the phone would ring. It never did, although he did discover that there was some very good stuff on the Internet that was not porn, which he avoided like the plague.

Twice, during the day, he realized he had an erection and both times, the mere thought of poor Erin made it wilt.

When Karen came home from work, in the middle of the afternoon, she had Rosa with her. But the two of them disappeared into Karen's room and Danny didn't see them until Karen took Rosa home, shortly after their parents came home, early that evening.

Danny's mother and father bothed seemed to be in relatively good moods. He was a little surprised that, when his mother changed out of her work clothes, what she changed into was a reasonably modest t-shirt and shorts, and she even wore a bra.

After a quiet dinner and a few hours of watching TV, he went to bed, pleased and surprised to be living something like a normal life, again. 

Wednesday was more of the same, for most of the day. Rosa spent the morning in Karen's room until Karen had to leave, to work through the lunch and dinner shifts. When Danny's parents came home, the three of them had a quiet dinner together and were settling down in front of the TV when the front doorbell rang.

It was Erin.

"All, right," she said. "You said you want to explain. I'm listening."

Even after she spoke, Danny continued to stare at Erin, standing defiantly in front of him, her arms crossed over her chest. 

Of all the people in the world, she was the one he least expected to see, when he opened the door. 

"You must be Erin," Mike said, over Danny's shoulder. "Please come in."

He pulled Danny physically out of the way and Erin, scowling, marched into their house. 

"How do you know my name?"

"Danny told us," Mike said.

"That's right," said Danny's mother, standing. "I'm so glad to meet you. My name is Susan."

"I'm surprised he mentioned me." Erin scowled at Danny. 

"I think you will find that there is very little that our family doesn't discuss, these days," said Mike. 

"Please have a seat," Susan waved toward the sofa. "Can I get you something to drink."

"I will stand, thanks," Erin declared. "And, no, I will not drink anything you give me."

"Yes," said Mike. "That makes sense. Danny said that you though he had drugged you."

"Did he?" Erin barked. "Did he alsotell you what he did to me?"

"He told us what you did to each other," said Mike. "I'm afraid that, because of some information that we had not yet shared, our son was almost as much a victim as you were."

Erin snorted in derision. "Now this I have got to hear."

They told her. Susan described, once again, the way she met a stranger and conceived her son. She described the strange feelings that had started, not more than a week ago. She unabashedly described how she had inadvertently flashed her son, how she had learned that her daughter was affected, as well, and how she had intentionally let her son catch her masturbating to verify that it was, indeed, he who created those feelings. 

"So, what am I supposed to do?" Erin huffed. "Forgive and forget?"

"What do you want to do?" Mike asked. 

Erin glared at him, turned to face Susan and, finally, looked at Danny, who straightened his back and, as best he could, returned her gaze. Her shoulders seemed to slump. 

"What do I want to do?" asked Erin. "I know what I want to do. But what should I do?"

She looked away from Danny, to face his mother. 

"Susan?" she asked, almost plaintively. "Can I talk to you, in private?"

Susan glanced at Mike, who nodded. 

"Yes. Of course," Susan replied. "My bedroom is this way."

After staring at his hands, for a few minutes, Danny asked, "What do you think they're talking about?"

Mike, who had been lost in thoughts of his own, smiled at his son. "You, of course."

"Yeah," Danny sighed. "But, I mean, what do you think they're saying about me?"

"I have some ideas," Mike said. "Do you feel better, now that Erin knows the truth?"

"I don't know," Dann replied. "I mean, I haven't really apologized, or anything. I wish I could make it up to her, somehow."

Mike shrugged. "Maybe you can. It's hard to say what will happen. I'm sure as hell not going to try to guess what two women are thinking. I'm having a hard enough time keeping up with your mother."

Danny grunted and stared at his hands. 

-

"Am I really going to do this?" Erin asked herself, as she followed Susan back to the Baker family room.

Their conversation had certainly been interesting and informative. Erin had never expected that Susan would suggest that she do exactly what she secretly wanted. Her desire was so secret that she hadn't really even admitted it to herself until she saw the expression on Danny's face.

Both Danny and his father stood, when they saw the women approaching. 

"Erin would like to talk to Danny, alone," Susan said.

Erin, thankful that the woman she was likely to get to know extremely well had broken the ice, said, "Your mother says your room is upstairs. Show me?"

After glancing at his father, who shrugged, Danny said, "Okay."

Danny seemed confused by Erin's request. But, judging from the knowing look Mike have Susan, when their son was not watching, his father understood. Susan had said that she had told her husband that, eventually, it would come down to this. 

Erin followed Danny up the stairs and into a remarkably tidy bedroom, especially for a fifteen year old boy. Of course, Danny wouldn't be fifteen for much longer. In fact, his birthday was the very next day. Erin had even considered leaving, after her conversation with Danny's mother, so she could return the next day and make what she was about to do a sort of gift, not to mention legal. But once the decision had been made, she could not bring herself to wait any longer than necessary.

Danny had turned to face her, standing near the foot of his bed. Erin closed his bedroom door and looked for a lock, but there was none. Still, she reasoned, it wasn't like anybody would have a hard time guessing what was going on. If what Susan and Mike had told her was true, Susan, at least, would have no doubts.

Danny, on the other hand, was obviously still clueless. 

"After hearing what your parents said," said Erin, in her best legal-negotiation voice, "I have decided to consider forgiving you. But only if you agree to made amends for what you have put me through."

"Yes. Of course. I'll do anything you say."

"Good," Erin said. "But I want to be perfectly clear. I am not talking about a one-time thing. In order to earn my forgiveness, you have to agree to meet my demands whenever and wherever I say. Is that clear?"

"I guess so," Danny replied. "I mean, yes, of course I will do whatever you want me to."

"Good. Take off your clothes."

"What?" Danny asked, shocked and confused. 

"Did I hear you wrong?" Erin asked, keeping her voice stern, while suppressing a smile. "Did you or did you not just agree to do whatever I say?" 

"I did. But why..."

"Do you have any idea how humiliated I was? How degrading it was to be forced to act like a total slut?" Erin was over-acting, and she knew it. But the opportunity was just too good to pass up. 

"I'm sorry," Danny whined. "I didn't mean to."

"If you're sorry, take off your fucking clothes. Now!"

Danny jumped and quickly undressed. He didn't really pause, before pulling down his underwear, but Erin said, "Everything goes," anyway. 

"Get on the bed. In the middle, on your back."

Danny obeyed, his body making it very clear that he had no idea what was about to happen.

"Now, Daniel. As for your reparations. What you are going to do to make up for what you put me through, whenever and wherever I demand, is," she crossed her arms and grabbed the hem of her knit blouse, "fuck me."

-

Danny's mouth dropped open as Erin pulled her blouse over her head. Her bra was white, sheer lace, through which he could see her nipples. 

While his overtaxed mind struggled to come to grips with what Erin had said, she was unbuttoning her jeans and slipping them down her slim legs. 

Danny was still trying to catch up with events, when Erin started to crawl up the bed, in a lace bra that she didn't really need and a tiny pair of matching panties. But the feel of her warm, silky skin, brushing the outsides of his thighs, convinced his body that this was really happening and it started to respond. 

"My god," Erin said, her face above his, "it's true."

Her sweet smelling breath in his face made Danny's heart pound, which made Erin sigh in satisfaction and lower her face to press her lips to his. Which thrilled him, even more. 

"Remember," Erin said, pressing her lace covered crotch against his dick, "whenever and wherever I say."

"Why?" Danny gasped. 

Erin raised herself up. "You have me eager and willing, in your bed, and you're asking why?"

Danny nodded. 

"Because you're like Lay's fucking potato chips. I can't have just one."

"I don't understand."

Erin lowered her hips and ground herself against him. "Your body does. I'll try to explain it to the rest of you, later. But right now, you're driving me fucking crazy." She sat up, reached behind her back, to release her bra. "Now, are you going to keep your end of the bargain?"

-

Susan was on her knees, at her husband'a feet, when she felt the first wave of Danny's lust. 

"Yes," she tried to sigh. But what came out, around the head of Mike's cock, was a garbled mumble. She had happily continued her regular oral ministrations, while Danny went through his emotional valley, but it was going to be so nice to get fucked while in the glow of his influence, again. 

-

It was after midnight when Erin heard the creak of feet on the stairs. She considered covering herself, but that would take too much effort and it was so nice to just lie here, with her body draped over Danny's, with only a sheet partially covering their lower bodies. Danny certainly did not mind - a few minutes after she had finally collapsed onto his chest, he had fallen asleep so quickly that it had been like he had been switched off.

Erin had ridden the skinny teen, almost non-stop, for the better part of an hour. She had come so many times she had lost count, and their final, joint climax had torn through her body like a freight train. She should be fast asleep, as well, but, even though she felt drained, her mind was wide awake.

The bedroom door quietly opened and a younger version of Susan's face peered in at her. 

"Hi," Erin said. 

"Sorry," the visitor said. "I thought you would be sleeping. I'm Karen."

"I'm Erin."

"I know," Karen said. "Danny told me all about you."

"You don't seem surprised to see me," Erin said, looking at her lover's sister, while her head lay on his bare chest.

"Mom told me you were here," Karen explained. "Are you going to spend the night? Will I see you in the morning?"

"Yes."

"Good. I'm glad the two of you worked things out. Good night, Erin. And..." Karen paused.

"Yes?" Erin asked.

"Be good to my brother."

"Or else?" Erin's laugh died when she saw the grim expression on Karen's face.

"Fucking right," Karen humorlessly answered and closed the door. 

