Susan looked up at Mike and her heart beat even harder. He had fucked her so wonderfully. She couldn't imagine it getting any better, but it had, every time. 

Dinner had been a marvelous torture. When Karen came home, Susan had known, immediately that Danny was having a definite effect on her daughter. She could see it in Karen's eyes and the flush that quickly developed in her cheeks, even without noticing how prominent her nipples were, even through that horrible uniform dress. 

The way she used to be had served Susan well. Since Karen had been a little girl, there had been a hard and fast rule that everybody stayed at the table until dinner was over and dinner wasn't over until the last person finished eating. Susan could feel Danny's lust building inside of her and knew that it was doing the same to Karen. 

For some reason, the thought of her daughter getting more and more aroused excited Susan, on top of Danny's lust and the almost certain knowledge that she was going to get a nice hard fuck from Mike, before long. 

It had been hard not to laugh, when Karen returned to the table after using the bathroom. The poor girls forehead had been damp with sweat, her face had been red and she had been breathing hard, when she sat back down. And, a few seconds later, Susan was sure she could smell her daughters arousal. The realization made her imagine what it might be like to smell that odor with her face just a few inches from the source and, with that thought in her head, Susan had quickly finished her dinner. 

Danny, wonderful son and brother that he was, had immediately agreed to clean up the entire dinner mess in exchange for Karen doing his share, tomorrow, and the poor girl had practically flown up the stairs. 

Mike had caught her eye, after Karen left, and flicked his head towards their bedroom. He had followed her in, a few minutes later, ordered her to strip and kneel, and the chided her for tormenting their daughter while circling her naked body and correcting her posture until her back was arched, to better display her tits, her knees were spread wide, to display her pussy, and her hands were on her thighs. 

Mike had then pulled out one of his old, worn, sleeveless white t-shirts and told her to put it on, along with a pair panties, and go help her son finish cleaning the kitchen. 

Susan knew full well that what she had on would leave very little to the imagination and the rush of lust that hit her, when Danny saw her walk down the hall, had almost brought her to her knees. 

She had been tempted to accidentally spray herself, at the kitchen sink, knowing that the thin cotton stretched over her tits would become practically transparent, but if Danny had transmitted his lust any more powerfully, she might well have pushed him down and mounted him on the kitchen floor. 

As it was she had hurried back to her bedroom, once Danny had run out of excuses for them to stay in the kitchen, together. 

Once they were alone, Mike had taken charge. He didn't ask, or even seem to care, what she wanted. He just pleased himself. And since what pleased Mike seemed to be making her come as hard and often as possible, she couldn't complain. Not that she would have, anyway. 

He had started by making her get herself off with each of her three new toys, before he even took his clothes off. He then ordered her to her hands and knees, where he used her magic-wand vibrator to make her come, twice more, before finally sliding his cock into her soggy and tingling sex. 

He had fucked her like an animal; like some dog taking a bitch in heat. And what else was she but some rutting female eager to be mounted?

Susan had come, repeatedly. Each orgasm harder than the one before it, as the lust grew until, finally, it had overwhelmed her. She would have screamed so loud the neighbors might have called the police, except that her throat was raw from screaming through the last few waves of pleasure. 

Knowing that Danny was coming, at the same time as she was clamping down on Mike's cock and throwing her head back in mind blowing ecstasy, had added an extra nasty thrill to her pleasure and she had gladly slid off the bed, at Mike's command, after he slid his cock out of her, and, from her knees, licked him clean before taking him into her mouth. 

And now, as she looked up into Mike's eyes, as she pressed the head of his cock against the back of her throat, Susan's heart raced. To be treated like a toy, like a piece of meat to be enjoyed and consumed, was exactly what she needed. 

With just the slightest contact against her swollen clit or even if she just pinched her nipples hard enough, Susan could easily come again. But this was about pleasing Mike. She spread her knees wider apart and redoubled her efforts and, before long, got all the reward she desired - a mouth filled with his hot, salty seed, which she quickly and efficiently swallowed. 

A little too efficiently, she later decided, looking herself over in the bathroom mirror. Not a single drop showed, which meant no more punishment would be added to what she already had coming. 

-

When Karen entered her bedroom, she came to a stop so fast she almost fell over. 

Her bed was neatly made, the comforter pulled tight and wrinkle free, which was a far cry from how she had left it. There, in the center of the bed, was Henry. And next to Henry was a brand new bullet vibrator, still in its package, along with a jumbo sized package of batteries. 

Karen could not believe her eyes. Her mother had not only returned the vibrator she had found, but had actually bought her another one!

Karen whipped out her phone and rattled off a quick message to Rosa.

"I guess I'm not in trouble after all. Look what I found on my bed."

She sent a picture of the two vibrators, followed by another message. 

"I'm so horny I can barely see straight. I wish you were here."

"Your mother left those out there?!" Came Rosa's reply. "I don't believe it. Unfortunately, I have to go to my cousins wedding, tomorrow morning, early. I won't be back until around noon, on Monday. Can we get together, then?"

"Yes!" Karen sent back. 

"Good. Until then..."

"I can't wait." Karen sent her last message, tossed her phone on the bed, and headed for her bathroom. 

Their four bedroom house had three and a half bathrooms. There was an en-suite, off of her parent's bedroom, and another half-bath on the first floor, just off of the family room. The last two bathrooms were upstairs. There was a Jack- and-Jill bathroom, connecting Danny's bedroom to the guest room, and a smaller bathroom that opened into Karen's room, with a second door onto the hall. So it wasn't quite totally private but since Danny would always use his bathroom, even when he was hanging out in the game room, as would any of his friends, if he ever had any, and since anybody staying in the guest room would probably do the same, Karen effectively had her own bathroom. 

Which was why she could just pull her dress over her head, on the way, and toss her bra on the floor. Ordinarily, she would have taken off her panties, next, but, since she had taken them off, after getting herself off, in the downstairs bathroom in the middle of supper, and she had removed her shoes, the instant she came into the house, all she had to do to get completely naked was to step on the toes of her ankle socks and pull her feet out. 

That orgasm, during dinner, had felt really good, but hadn't done a thing to knock back the ridiculous horniness that had made her panties too wet to wear. Hoping to do better, in the shower, Karen turned on the water and looked at herself, in the bathroom mirror. 

She looked like such a slut. Her nipples were distended and her breasts looked and, yes, she determined with a squeeze, even felt swollen. And speaking of swollen, her pussy looked like she had already been going at it with Henry. 

One quick touch wasn't enough, so Karen rubbed herself to another orgasm before climbing into the shower. 

Unknown to her, at about the time she was squeezing conditioner onto her long, dark hair, her mother was walking into the kitchen dressed like a fifteen year old's wet dream - which she would be, later. The jump in the intensity of her feeling of both arousal and pleasure made Karen's knees buckle. 

Deciding that it probably wasn't safe to stay in the shower, Karen stepped out. She wrapped a towel around her head and, rubbing herself down with another, hurried back to her room where her nice, soft and safe bed, not to mention Henry and another, brand new vibrator, waited.

Catching a flash of brown skin, out of the corner of her eye, Karen picked up her phone. Since she hadn't locked it, the last message received was being displayed. It was a picture of Rosa's mocha-brown and nicely large and firm tits. Her nipples, which were the color of chocolate kisses and just begging to be sucked, were stiff and her small, dark areolae were so crinkled that they were shrunk to near invisibility. 

The message that Rosa had sent, just before the pictures, said, "Maybe these will help tide you over until we can see each other, in person. If there's anything else you want to see, let me know."

Karen quickly tapped out a reply. "You know there is. Send more, every hour, on the hour, tomorrow, and a picture of your ass, right now."

It was already sent when she realized how demanding her message was. And Karen was so worried that Rosa might be offended that she didn't touch her aching nipples or soggy pussy and practically held her breath, while she waited for a reply from Rosa. 

The first thing she got was a picture, taken in a bathroom mirror, of Rosa's full, brown, bare, bubble butt. 

Karen let her breath out, with a sigh and squeezed her pussy. 

She was sitting on her bed, with two fingers inside of herself, reading Rosa's next message, when she heard Danny pound up the stairs and hurry past her closed door, on the way to his room. Her lust peaked, as he went by, but she simply assumed that was due to the content of the message. 

"Yes, ma'am. I will do anything you say."

Did she mean that? For as long as they had been friends, Rosa had always deferred to Karen. Karen chose what and where they played, when they were kids; she chose what they watched on TV, what movies they went to and where they ate. Rosa had said that she had fantasies, but were they submissive fantasies? 

"Do you mean that? Will you really do everything I say?"

"Yes, mistress."

Rosa's reply would be hard to misinterpret. The little minx was submissive. Karen literally rubbed her hands together in anticipation. This was going to be fun. 

A scream came up, through the floor. It sounded like Karen wasn't the only one who was having fun. She wondered what her parents did, together. Was it kinky? Probably not, but it was fun to imagine. A mental image of her parents, fucking, popped into her head and Karen squeezed one of her tits before refocusing on her phone.

"Sleep naked. You may touch yourself but do not come without my permission," she texted.

"Yes, mistress." 

"Good girl," Karen texted, and also said, out loud. Not bothering to adjust her mirror, she lay back on her bed and, holding her phone, in one hand, in case of another message, pressed Henry against her pussy and switched him to high.

Nothing happened. 

Of course, nothing happened. The fucking thing wasn't plugged in. After a frantic minute searching for the extension cord required to use Henry while on her bed, Karen tore desperately at the package containing her new vibrator. Fortunately, it opened easily and Karen was fumbling with batteries when she heard her mother scream, again. 

The bitch. She was coming without waiting for her own daughter to catch up.

Karen's phone dinged. "May I come, mistress?"

"No."

It didn't work. This fucking vibrator didn't work, either. Karen twisted it in and off, a few times, but nothing happened. She opened it and, after a few seconds, discovered the issue. One of the batteries was in backwards. 

Ding: "May I come, now, mistress?"

"No ."

Karen dropped her phone onto the bed and used both hands to close her vibrator. It sprang into immediate life. It was much smaller and the vibration wasn't as intense as Henry's, but it sure hummed fast. 

Karen didn't fuck around. She could feel the juices leaking out of her, even before she pressed the silver, humming oblong against her clit.

"Oh!" She squeaked, arching her back. Then she bit her lower lip as an orgasm crashed over her. 

Ding: "Please, mistress?"

Struggling to catch her breath, Karen forced herself to concentrate long enough to send a terse, "Yes."

The vibrator was doing it's job, again, and Karen was building up to a second orgasm, when she got a reply from Rosa. 

"Thank you, mistress." 

"Fuck!" Karen shouted, as she had another in what she hoped would turn out to be a long string of orgasms, like the night before.

"Now go to sleep," Karen slowly pecked with one hand, while stroking herself. "I want you well rested, for Monday."

"Yes, mistress. Good-night, mistress."

"Good night, sweet Rosa."

Karen tossed her phone to the side and turned her attention to her pussy. Her mother screamed, again, which triggered another orgasm on Karen's part. 

They were getting stronger, and she wasn't coming back down as far, in between. After two more, Karen was looking desperately around for her panties, but they were nowhere to be seen. In desperation, she clawed at her pillow, but it was hard to get it out from under her head, with one hand, when she was arching her back and desperately aching for some relief from the lust that was practically overwhelming her. 

Giving up, she shoved the small vibrator into her pussy and strummed her clit with the stiffened fingers of both hands, moving in unison. 

She didn't hear her mother's final scream - not because of Susan's hoarseness, but because her own drowned it out.

-

Danny heard Karen scream, just as he filled yet another wad of tissues with sperm. He expected to come less, since it had only been a few hours since the last time, but that was not the case. 

Maybe that wasn't surprising, considering how sexy his mother had looked, while they finished cleaning the kitchen. He didn't actually see her tits, this time, but he might as well have. He could definitely see the shadows of her nipples, through her thin shirt. 

And he had never seen as much of her legs, before. Even when she wore a bathing suit, it was one if those with the little skirts. Her tight, beige panties weren't exactly skimpy, the covered all of her ass, but only just barely. And in front, the dark shadow of her pubic hair had been obviously visible. 

Why was she doing that? Why was she constantly showing herself to him? Or was she doing anything? The first time Danny saw his mother's tits had seemed completely accidental. And the second time, she had been in her own bedroom; granted, she had left the door open, but that wasn't quite the same as showing off. But, just now, in the kitchen... She had to know what she looked like and how little her clothes left to the imagination. But she acted like it was no bid deal, even though her nipples were practically tearing through her shirt. 

Something was definitely going on. Danny wondered if it was some sort of mid-life crisis. Or was she old enough for menopause?

He was so sleepy and thoughts about his mother filled his head so thoroughly that he didn't even pause to wonder about his sister's scream, or why it was so coincidental to his own climax. 

-

Half an hour after Mike started to quietly snore, Susan peeled her body away from his and slipped out of bed. It wasn't even ten o'clock and she was wide awake. 

She would just make sure the lights were off and the doors locked. The fact that she didn't even consider putting on clothes probably said as much about her changing attitudes as anything else she had done. 

After locking both doors and turning off the porch lights, Susan saw light leaking under the door of the half bathroom and, after nobody answered her quiet knock, she pulled the door open and reached for the switch. 

Susan froze, with her hand on the light switch. In the center of the bathroom floor, twisted up as if they had been pushed off, in a hurry, was a pair of bright pink panties. 

Slowly, aware of the weight if her swinging breasts, Susan bent to pick them up. They were soggy. Not just damp, but soaked. Without thinking, Susan raised them to her face. It was the same smell she had noticed at dinner. 

That was something she would have to think about. On Monday, she would have to go to work and, even though she wouldn't be around Danny and probably wouldn't get as wet as Karen had been, she had no doubt that she would be horny all day. She would have to start taking spare panties if she didn't want people to smell her, like she had smelled her daughter.

Idly inhaling Karen's aroma, Susan made her way around the house, turning off lights and setting the coffee maker to brew a pot, the next morning. 

She turned off the kitchen light and was about to make her way down the short hall to her bedroom, when she heard a creak overhead. Somebody was on the landing and heading downstairs. 

Her heart pounded. If she let Danny see her like this, he would get excited and the lust would start. With Mike in bed, she might be tempted to seek relief from her son, which would be wrong - though she was now more concerned with getting her master's permssion than with the incest taboo.

The best thing to do would be to stay hidden, here at the end of the dark hall. But could she resist the temptation? 

Susan didn't learn the answer. The person coming quietly down the stairs was Karen. She didn't even glance toward her mother, but headed straight for the bathroom.

When Karen turned on the bathroom light, Susan learned that what she had thought was true. Karen was just as naked as she was. More naked, actually, since she didn't have any pubic hair. 

Watching her her daughter frantically look around the powder room, Susan suddenly realized what Karen was doing. Susan lifted the panties her daughter was search for and, once more, inhaled the smell of Karen's arousal - admiring her beauty, as she did so. Karen's hair was tangled, but her body was flawless. Her skin was light, but not pale. Her breasts were small, especially compared to Susan's udders, but high and firm with pink nipples. Her sex looked dainty and almost innocent, although Susan knew by how wet the panties she still held were that it wasn't quite totally innocent. It was hairless, which surprised but also excited Susan, who trailed her free hand down her body to her thick mass of hair.

Had Karen's hairless cunt ever been filled with a cock? It had felt the pleasure of Karen's vibrator, which Susan now knew was quite intense, but had it ever felt full of nice, warm, hard cock? And what about that mouth? Had Karen ever tasted a cock?

After watching her naked daughter go back up the stairs, Susan headed for bed, her head full of the image that had popped into it, unbidden, of being on her knees, waiting to accept Mike's cock into her mouth, just as soon as he withdrew it from Karen's cunt.
