"Mike? Mike, honey?"

Susan Baker shook her husband's shoulder and called his name, again. It was 12:30 on a Saturday morning after a long, hard week of trying to clear the backlog that had built while Danny was sick. She should be fast asleep but for the last twenty or thirty minutes, she had been desperately struggling to keep her hands out of her panties. A problem she had partially resolved by removing them, along with everything else she had worn to bed.

"Mike?"

She switched on the bedside lamp and shook his shoulder.

"Mike!" 

Her tone was pleading and slightly desperate.

"Hunh?" Mike Baker rolled onto his back and, squinting into the light, looked back at her. "What's wrong?"

"Help me, Mike."

Susan grabbed her husband's hand, the moment she pressed his palm against her naked belly, his sleepy eyes opened wide.

Their love-life had taken a big hit, when she got pregnant with their second child. And it had never really recovered. Mike had done his best to convince her that she was forgiven, but whatever passion she had once felt had not returned.

Now, though... 

Susan had been feeling some strange yet familiar feelings, for several nights. Feelings that she had not felt for years. Feelings that had frightened her to her core. But Susan felt no fear, anymore. There was simply not room in her mind for fear.

Holding tightly to Mike's wrist, Susan slid his hand down her belly and through the curls of her pubic hair to a part of her he had not touched in years. No, was not frightened. She was excited. And, as Mike's fingers dipped into the slick, swollen and, above all, very wet fold of Susan's sex, he caught some of that excitement.

Never had she been so wet. Not on their honeymoon; not when they were trying to conceive Karen; not even the night of their first anniversary, when she got drunk and, for the only time in their relationship, they had made love in the car. As his wife guided his hand lower, Mike automatically curled is two middle fingers, sliding them easily into her. 

"Yes!" Susan hissed, raising her hips to make the penetration easier. 

But it wasn't enough and she uttered a pair of words that Mike had never heard her speak, before.

"Fuck me!"

Susan made making animal, mewling noises, in the back of her throat, as her husband worked two fingers in and out of her. She grabbed at his crotch and her eyes sparkled in satisfaction: his dick was hard. He had not worn a shirt to bed, all she had to do was get rid of his damned pajama pants.

"Fuck me," she whined.

Mike quickly developed the same opinion of his pants as Susan. He struggled to work them off with his left hand, while keeping his right hand between her legs, with little success. He did, however, keep them at least partially buried while Susan rolled from her side to all fours with her body perpendicular to his, and he could continued to finger her while she pushed his pants down to his ankles while he rocked and raised his hips, trying to make it easier for her.

Susan grunted with satisfaction, when Mike finally kicked his pants off. Normally, she would have rolled onto her back and waited for him to mount her, but this was not a normal evening. Moving quickly, she turned to straddle his hips, reaching past the hand that was still stroking her, to grab his penis. No, not his penis. His cock.

"Your cock," she said, her voice low and guttural, as she squeezed. "It's so hard." Holding tight, with one hand, she bent her other arm to lower her face until her lips brushed his. "I need it in me."

Mike was a smart man. He had a Master's degree in computer science. He might have no idea of what had caused his wife's sudden lust, but he was intelligent enough not to speak or do anything else that might bring her back to her senses. He slid his hand out-of-the-way and she guided the head of his cock to her opening.

Susan sighed, as her aching emptiness was filled. It felt good! Much better than she remembered sex with Mike ever feeling. Maybe even as good as...

Susan pushed the thought from her mind. Mike had been so good to her, in spite of what she had done. She loved him. She had always loved him. But, in the back of her mind, there had always been the knowledge that the greatest pleasure he could give her would always be a distant second best.

Now, though, that was no longer such a given. She felt incredible. He was making her feel incredible. She rocked her hips, grinding her flesh against his coarse pubic hair, and feeling him in the very deepest parts of her.

Susan sat up and looked down at her husband. Mike was looking at her breasts. At her tits. At her big, heavy tits. The hunger in his eyes made her nipples ache.

She stroked her tits. She squeezed them. She mauled them. She pinched her nipples, twisting and pulling, but it wasn't enough. Her hands weren't strong enough. But Mike's were. He was caressing her thighs and hips, as she rode him. Susan took his hands in hers and put them where they belonged.

She could feel a grin of satisfaction spread across her own face as the man she loved so very much squeeze her tits, giving her what she needed.

"My nipples. Pinch my nipples." Jolts of pleasure shot down her belly, to her sex.

"Harder."

Mike did as he was told, the sweet, dear man. And, taking her own advice, Susan increased the speed and force of her gyrating hips until she could no longer remain upright but had to fall forward to support the weight of her upper body with her hands on either side of Mike's head.

"Harder," she demanded. Then pleaded, "Harder!"

He was crushing her nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. The pain was intense. Deliciously, wonderfully intense. Their bodies made wet, slapping noises, where they were joined. She had never been this wet, not even when she was with Him.

Her orgasm crashed over her like a tidal wave. Every muscle in her body tightened as, staring into her husbands eyes, she felt pleasure like nothing she had ever felt, before.

When it had passed, instead of feeling drained or exhausted, Susan felt enervated. In fact, she wanted more. And her dear, sweet husband was still hard and still inside of her.

"I love you," she moaned, as she started rocking her hips.

Mike didn't have to pinch her nipples as hard, to trigger her second orgasm - they were still tender from the abuse they had already taken. Just a gentle squeeze was all it took to send another wave of pleasure crashing over her.

And still, she wasn't finished. She lowered her face to her husband's, kissing him as she slid her body, now slick with sweat, up and down his.

"I love you," she repeated as her new position crushed her clit so nicely against his pubic bone and his coarse hair added to her stimulation.

His hands were on her back, caressing her and, as she picked up speed, they slid down to grip her ass. Susan raised her head and laughed. Everything felt so good!

"Are you alright?" her husband gasped.

She looked into his eyes. "So fucking good. Oh, dear Jesus, I'm going to..."

Yet another orgasm rolled over her. It was at least as good as the first but left her strangely unsatisfied. Lifting herself up, a few inches, she pounded her cunt onto his wonderfully rigid cock. Her tits bounced and flopped as she fucked her husband and, as if reading her mind, Mike grabbed them and, squeezing roughly, using them to support her as she drove herself, violently, against his prick.

Sweat poured down her cheeks. It dripped from her nose and her chin and she could feel it trickling across her anus. Whatever was doing this to her, whatever was making her feel so good while, at the same time, driving an irresistible need to feel more, was getting stronger. Bringing wave after wave of orgasmic bliss to roll over her.

Susan caught sight of the bedside clock, out of the corner of her eye. It was 1:15. They had been fucking for forty-five minutes. She should feel exhausted, but she had plenty of energy to finish this.

And finish it she did. When her final orgasm struck, it was at least as good as the one she had, when Danny was conceived. In fact, it was better. The joy that knowledge brought was almost as intense as the pure, spine-tingling, mind numbing pleasure that made throw her head back and scream, at the top of her lungs, until her breath was gone and all she could do was croak, her body shaking violently, until it finally ebbed and she could draw a shuddering breath.

She collapsed onto her husband and, with his arms around her, Susan kissed the man, struggled to catch her breath, and kissed him again.

"What was that?" Mike asked.

Susan couldn't answer. Her mind was too shaken by the power of her orgasm to form words. All she could do was smile and shake her head, unknowingly. She felt so good. And, best of all, Mike had made her feel this way.

Susan's eyes widened when she realized that he was still hard, inside of her. He had not finished. She should finish him. She would finish him.

Susan rocked forward, letting an inch or so of Mike's cock out of her and, tentatively slid back, with a grunt. It was no good. She was far too sensitive.

She had to finish him. Her mind reeled, as a thought occurred to her. She had never done it before. Never even considered it. It was disgusting, nasty and just plain perverse.

But she had to finish him.

Could she do it? Yes, of course she could. Did he want her to? It was hard to say. He had never asked, never suggested such a thing. Not even on their wedding night. Maybe he would be revolted by the very idea. 

There was only one way to find out.

The thoughts ran through Susan's mind like lightning, and no more than a second or two after her grunt of realization that she was too sensitive to continue fucking, she was giving her husband one last peck on the lips and raising her upper body so she could look into his eyes.

"Can I suck you?"

Mike's eyes opened wide with surprise and then the sweet man nodded and, somewhat breathlessly, said, "Okay."

Susan slid forward until Mike's cock slipped out of her wet cunt and her tits enveloped his face. His hands fluttered, looking for a place to land, as she kissed her way down his body. "Cunt," Susan thought. "Mike's cock just came out of my cunt. Not vagina. Not breasts or a butt, either. I have a cunt and tits and an ass." She liked the words. She kissed her way to where the cock that had so recently filled her cunt lay, hard and messy with her own juices, and gave it a tentative lick.

"You taste like my cunt," she said, looking up to meet her husband's eyes as she took another, longer lick, with the full flat of her tongue from his heavy balls up the entire length of his shaft. Not only was she tasting herself, she could feel the same juices running down her thigh. 

"I have such a wet cunt."

"Mmm." A rush of satisfied pleasure rolled through Susan, when, as she took the head of Mike's cock into her mouth, for the first time in twenty-four years of marriage, she felt his hands settle on her head. She bobbed, eagerly, on the top quarter of his shaft, which was all she seemed to be able to fit into her mouth. As she developed a rhythm, she became aware of a subtle pressure from those hands, in time with her downstroke. He wasn't forcing her, he wasn't pressing hard enough to affect the motion of her head, at all. If fact, she realized, he was holding himself back, forcing himself not to force her. But it seemed obvious that Mike wanted more.

Susan visualized the cock inside of her sex. It would be squeezed by her vaginal muscles along the entire length of his shaft. It was too bad her mouth couldn't do that. She had heard the term deep-throat, of course, but had always dismissed the entire concept as physically impossible. But, maybe she could try something else.

She grasped the base of his cock in her fist. His hard cock, slimy with her juices. The juices from her hot, wet cunt.

Susan wished she could touch herself, but had to use her free arm to support her weight, as her head and hand bobbed in unison up and down the length of Mike's cock. However, she quickly discovered that, if she shifted her lower body a few inches to one side and straddled Mike's leg, she could lower her hips and press her hot, went cunt against his shinbone.

"Oh God, honey, I'm going to..."

Susan heard his words but did not comprehend their meaning until the first shot of semen hit the roof of her mouth. She jerked her head back and watched, fascinated, as Mike's cock spat at her, over and over. She felt the liquid moving through him, with the palm of her hand. She felt the heat of it, as it splattered on her neck, chin and cheeks.

"I did it!" She thought.

Even after he was done spurting, she could still milk a few drops out of him. Eventually, he grabbed her wrist, as the stimulation of her hand on his softening dick became uncomfortable.

"Oh my God, Susan! That was... that was amazing. I love you."

"Hmm mmm mmm mmm." 

Some of his stuff was in her mouth! With her jaws open as far as they would go, while keeping her lips sealed closed, Susan jumped out of bed and rushed toward the bathroom, intending to spit out the slimy glob sitting on her tongue. But she was stopped short by the sight of herself in the full-length mirror on the bathroom door.

Susan had always thought of herself as blandly plain, at best. But the woman she saw in the mirror oozed sex. Her thighs were shiny with her own juices. Her skin was flushed. Her lips looked swollen. Her nipples were dark and distended. Her hair was tangled and her eyes wild. And then there was the semen. It was all over her face, under her chin and in the hollow of her throat. As she watched, a globule dropped from her cheek to land on her left breast. She was tempted to taste it until she remembered that she already had some in her mouth.

Susan swirled the slightly salty, viscous liquid around, behind her teeth. It really wasn't so bad.

Watching how the muscles in the reflection of her neck moved, Susan deliberately swallowed. No, that wasn't bad, at all. She wondered if she could swallow an entire ejaculation. She would have to keep pumping him, as she did. Would he be able to feel her tongue moving, if she swallowed with his glans in her mouth?

Susan chuckled as her reflection, as she caught herself licking another large drop of milky liquid from her upper lip.

More globules had dropped to her breasts and she smeared one around, with the tips of her fingers.

She had nice tits. Why had she never realized that before? She grabbed one in each hand, squeezing and hefting it, testing its weight. She wore a 36D bra, which made them officially big tits, as far as she could tell. And since she had never gone braless, except to bathe - she wore a sports bra to bed - they hadn't sagged nearly as much as they might, on a forty-six year old woman.

With her fingertips, Susan wiped more semen from her cheek and smeared it on her tit. It felt wicked. She had always been told that the purpose of sex was to procreate - which had not been the case, tonight, as evidenced by Mike's seed on her face and her tits, instead of in her cunt. Feeling nasty and decadent, She transferred as much semen from her face and neck to her tits as she could manage and massaged it into her flesh.

She gave her nipples a tentative squeeze. They were tender and would probably be sore, in the morning. But it was worth it. Dear God, was it ever worth it.

Her vagina was tender, too. "Cunt," Susan whispered, pulling her pubic hair back to reveal her red and swollen labia. "Pussy," she whispered, again. "Nice pussy, Susan Baker. Why thank you. It's freshly fucked, you know. My freshly fucked cunt was full of nice hard cock, just a few mintues ago."

Susan blushed at her crude language then laughed at herself for blushing and chanted. "Pussy, pussy, pussy. Cunt, cunt, cunt." Her grin turned to a wince as she touched herself.

That comedian... What was his name? George something, wasn't it? He had had a routine about forbidden words. She rememberred thinking that it was disgusting and that he had only said them for the shock value. But maybe that had been the point. Why were words so shocking? They were only words.

She would have to find the answer in the morning. Right now, she was going to take her cunt and her tits and her ass to bed where her husband was waiting for her. And, if he wanted, maybe she would suck his cock, again. If she moved, just an inch or two, she could see his reflection. He was watching her. He had watched her spreading his come on her tits and his eyes were devouring her.

She realized that this had been the first time they had ever made love with the lights on. Mike had never seen her like this. Why had she denied him that pleasure for so long?

"Thank you," Susan said. Turning, she repeated, "Thank you, so much. Thank you for fucking me." She slid her hands down her body, through the dense tangle of her pubic hair, and touched herself. "Thank you for fucking my hot, wet cunt." Bringing her hands back up to cup her sticky tits, she said, "Thank you for coming on my big tits. Thank you for pinching my aching nipples." She squeezed them, herself, with fingers newly wet from her tender pussy. "Thank you for letting me suck your beautiful cock." With tears starting to form, she added, "Thank you for staying with me, in spite of everything. Thank you."

Mike, wonderful Mike, took a moment to stop drinking in the sight of her to say, "You're welcome," to which Susan replied, "I need to pee."

Her energy faded, as she sat on the toilet, draining her suddenly insistent bladder. She thought about cleaning her face and chest, when she finished washing her hands, but she could barely keep her eyes open. Besides, sleeping with Mike's spend on her would be nice - a decadent cap to the evening.

He was sleeping, on his back, with the covers pulled up to his waist. Susan felt a flash of disappointment when she couldn't see his cock before turning off the light. But when she nestled up next him it was bare thighs she draped her leg across, she smiled. He had not dressed, either. She pulled the covers up, over both of them, and slid her hand down his torso.

Gently holding his dick, she marveled at how much smaller and softer it was. It was hard to believe it was the same one. Tonight had been the first time she had ever intentionally touched it, hard or soft, let alone sucked it. Why was that?

"Because you're an idiot, Susan Baker." She gave Mike's dick a gentle squeeze. "Don't worry, little guy, I'll suck you, again, soon."

As she drifted off to sleep, Susan's last thought were, "I hope the kids didn't hear us."

-

Karen Baker didn't realize it but she was having very similar feelings to those that would soon have her mother shaking her father awake for a midnight surprise.

Unfortunately, she wasn't lying next to a tall, blond, broad-shouldered man. She was in her bed, alone, with nobody except Henry to keep her company. And, despite his masculine name, Henry was not exactly a man.

In fact, she had been thinking about changing his name to Helen, lately. Every since that night, and The Kiss.

It had been two weeks since Rosa had stunned her by pulling Karen into her arms for The Kiss.

Karen had been stunned. She was still stunned. Not so much by the fact that The Kiss had occurred but by the way she couldn't get the feel if Rosa's lips out of her head.

Fuck, She was horny! Why was she so horny? Was it because of The Kiss? Of course it was. What else could it be?

She let her hands wander down her body, squeezing her breasts through her cotton nightgown and then bunching it up, at her waist, until she could press her already damp panties into the groove of her cunt.

Unlike her mother, Karen didn't flinch at profanity. She liked her tits and her ass and her pussy, and she called them exactly what they were. When she went to the gynecologist, he examined her vagina. When she masturbated, she rubbed her pussy, jammed her fingers up her cunt and, sometimes, slapped her stiff little clit. Or, when she was really hot, she would get Henry out of his secret place.

Jesus, her panties were soaked. She stroked herself, working them deeper into her slit.

"Fuck it."

Throwing off her blankets, she jumped out of bed and whipped off her nightgown. It was one of the damned, old-lady cotton things that her mother bought. It felt so much better to sleep naked but Karen knew that all hell would break loose if her mother ever caught her.

Well, she would take the chance, tonight. Karen hooked her thumbs in her panties but stopped. Getting naked could wait. With a vague idea that she didn't want to admit she was thinking, she left her panties in place and opened the hope chest, at the foot of her bed.

Henry was at the very bottom, way in the back, buried under a stack of blankets, with a six-foot-long extension cord still attached.

After plugging him in, Karen pause to squeeze a tit, with one hand, and her cunt, with the other. Holy fucking Jesus, she was horny.

Karen shivered and hurried to mound her pillow up against her headboard. Sometimes, she liked to lie flat on her back, when Henry came out, but tonight she wanted to see. In fact...

She switched on her bedside lamp, squinting until her eyes adjusted, the positioned herself in the bed.

The mirror was at just the right angle, of course. Every time she tilted up the big mirror attached to her dresser so she could see her face, she was careful to tilt it back down until the little, inconspicuous notch on the wood lined up with the edge of the bracket. She had been doing so since the night when her fourteen-year-old self had been surprised to look up, one night, and see a perfect reflection, right between her bare legs, as she worked the handle if her hairbrush into her pussy.

So of course the mirror was at the correct angle, she had been putting it there, twice a day, for more than five years, just in case she was in the mood to watch herself.

Her pussy had been so cute, when she had started regularly masturbating. A perfect little split peach with hardly any pubic hair. Then again, she chuckled, as she rubbed Henry's head over her the soggy gusset of her panties, she had even less, now. She couldn't stand it when the wispy, pale auburn strands had somehow transformed into thick, wiry, black curls, and had kept herself more-or-less shaved since she was sixteen.

She wished her carpet matched her drapes. How had she inherited her father's blond head and her mothers black pubes.

At least she could solve her problem with a razor, every few days.

Christ! Another wave of arousal washed over her. This one was even stronger than before.

Karen switched Henry on at more or less the same time as her mother was shaking her father awake in the master bedroom, downstairs. But Karen had more experience with orgasms than Susan. At nineteen, she had been regularly masturbating for nearly seven years. She knew precisely how far she could push herself before having to back off, a little, to keep herself from coming too soon. Her record for edging herself was seventy two minutes, and she could have lasted longer, if she hadn't heard her mother come home.

Right now, though, she craved rapid release. And for that, Karen had another advantage over her mother: Karen had Henry.

She hadn't bothered with the low setting. She didn't need to warm up. With the handle vibrating so hard it would soon make her hands tingle, Karen pressed Henry's head firmly against her panty-covered mound, in just the right place to...

Karen had to clamp her jaws shut to keep from screaming.

It had never felt like that, before. As she watched herself coming, in her dresser mirror, she wondered what Rosa would think, if she could see her, now. What would Rosa look like, in her place? Would her big brown tits bounce around? Were her nipples the color of chocolate?

Rosa's mother was Hispanic, of Mexican descent, and her father was black. Which had given Rosa the most beautiful skin Karen had ever seen. As she watched her pink nipples - which capped tits that were far too small for Karen's taste - quiver, as another orgasm rolled over her, Karen bit back a second scream and wished she had seen more of Rosa's perfect skin, before The Kiss had driven them apart.

God damn it! Karen was the mistress of her own orgasms, fast or slow, but not tonight. Tonight she had no restraint. And she was having some incredible climaxes, tonight, of the sort she could usually only achieve through at least 30 minutes of self-denial. But, although they felt great, they hardly took a bite out of the aching need that had made her dig Henry out in the middle of the fucking night, despite being beat from working a double shift. Within seconds of each orgasm, that need returned, stronger than ever.

Dropping the sill vibrating Henry on her bed, Karen frantically tore off her panties before getting back into position, with her back against the pillows and headboard and her spread legs facing the mirror. But it was just from habit, she hardly glanced at the reflection of her hairless pussy, as she rolled her panties up into a tight ball and stuffed them into her mouth.

Self-gagged, Karen put Henry back to work. After a string of powerfull orgasms and what felt like hours of over-stimulation, Karen's pussy was tender and the discomfort make each subsequent climax a bit harder to achieve. But it couldn't stop the intense pressure that was building deep inside of her.

"Oh, fuck," Karen grunted, her cotton gag muffling the words to an unintelligible, "Hmmf, fmmf." As she got closer to the edge of the most powerfull orgasm yet, her breath came in ragged gasps. Finally, with the cliff wall rapidly approaching, she bit down on her panties and stared at her reflected face.

Imagining that her hazel eyes were Rosa's warm brown ones, Karen came. She bit down hard on her panties, which deadened the noises she made, but she still might have been heard, if anybody was listening. Or maybe not, since it would have been hard to make her out over her mother's un-muffled scream, which could be heard in every part of their home.

-

There was somebody in the house who might have heard Karen and certainly did hear Susan.

Like his sister and Mother, Danny Baker was obsessed with sex, that evening. But, in Danny's case, it wasn't because of the unusual rush of arousal and sexual need that the two women in his family felt, but simply because he was a boy who was not quite sixteen.

That was not completely accurate. Danny had been hornier, lately, than usual. He seemed to pop an erection at the least little bit of stimulus. If he saw the wind blow a lady's skirt, exposing her knees, he became instantly erect. If he heard a voice that was even remotely sexy, he had a tent in his pants. And, if he actually saw, heard or read anything that was legitimately erotic, the effect could be painful.

Danny didn't know when his erections had become so hair triggered, but only because he didn't think to ask himself the question. If he had wondered, at all, he would soon have realized that it began in the hospital, on the day his fever broke.

The cause was still un-identified. Two weeks before the end of his sophomore year of high school, Danny told his mother that he didn't feel well. Despite the fact that he not only enjoyed school but also had straight A's, Susan suspected him of faking illness in order to stay home. After all, his forehead didn't feel particularly warm. Danny made it to his second period Physics class but collapsed when the end-of-class bell rang and he tried to stand.

By the time the Ambulance arrived, he was running a fever of 107 degrees and starting convulse.

No culture, nor test, nor anything any of a stream of specialists that had visited him did brought them any closer to a diagnosis. Doctors treated his fever as well as they could, gave him broad spectrum antibiotics, in case there was a bacterial infection they were missing, and, mostly, scratched their heads.

Ten days after being admitted, Danny's fever broke as suddenly as it had begun. He woke up on a Thursday evening, soaked with sweat.

Although he had been delirious, at times, Danny had been coherent more often than not, through his ordeal. Rational enough to know where he was and to recognized the concern, dismay and even panic on the faces of the doctors, nurses and especially his family, Danny had resigned himself to the fact that he was probably going to die. So the first thing he felt when he woke up, knowing that his illness was over, was relief. The next thing he felt was hunger, which was quickly followed by vague guilt over what he had put his family through, when he saw the expression on his Sister's face when he had unexpectedly announced, "I'm starved."

After a great deal of excitement on the part of the hospital staff and the Baker family, who all tried to cram into the small room, Danny was eventually given some broth and jello. It was less than he wanted but almost more than he could handle.

Feeling unpleasantly full, he dozed off, while half the people in the room talked and nobody listened.

He had lost a lot of weight and was weakened but, aside from having to reacquaint his stomach with food, Danny felt no other ill effects. In fact, the worst thing he had to face was the removal if his catheter, which he suffered through with the best grace he could manage, telling himself that at least it was the old battle-axe of a nurse who performed the task, and not the cute little blond.

Danny stayed in the hospital for two days, after his fever broke, undergoing more tests and generally recovering. So it's no wonder that he didn't notice how much more quickly and intensely he became aroused. He had very little to do but lay in bed and have fantasies about his nurses and one of the speciallists.

By the time he was sent home, Dr. Anwar, the tall, dark-haired and brown-skinned neurologist, and Sara, the petite, blond nurse, were having a torrid live affair - not only with him, but also with each other. At least, in his dreams, they were.

Having spent two days rock hard, at least half of the time, Danny was mostly relieved to get home and have enough privacy to finally get some relief.

The first time he jacked off, in his room, Danny did notice something that had changed, since before he got sick; it now took what felt like ages to accomplish what he used to be able to do in less than five minutes. He stroked his cock for nearly more than half an hour before he finally came. Not because it didn't feel good; it felt better than ever. In fact, he had had a hard time keeping quiet, by the time he actually started to spurt into the tissue in his left hand.

Which was another difference he could hardly have missed: he came much harder, it lasted longer and he produced far more semen than ever before.

Neither of those things had changed, a month later. Danny would have been jerking off several times a day, if it didn't take so long. Although, if he had been, he would have had to start buying his own tissues or face trying to explain to his mother why he had to use so many.

But something else had changed, during the first month of summer.

Danny didn't realize it, but, for the previous several days, he had been affecting the people around him. It was mild, at first, but intensified every day until, by one Friday night in June, it was powerful enough that his sister was having fantasies about her best friend while using Henry, her magic wand vibrator; and his mother had not only woken her husband and initiated sex for the first time in her life, she had done things to him that she would never have considered before she started feeling a need that was not completely foreign but which she had only felt once before, nearly seventeen years ago.

Danny, of course, had no idea that any of this was happening. As far as he knew, his parents were fast asleep and, if his sister wasn't, she almost certainly wouldn't be masturbating, like he was. He knew that Karen was not that sort of girl.

The first clue he had that he might be wrong might have been when he heard his mother's wail, just as he was finally able to push himself over the edge and saturate a handful of tissues. But the post-orgasmic lethargy that washed over him helped Danny to convince himself that Karen must have been watching a horror movie.

That was another change he had noticed. He wasn't sure if it was because of how much effort he now had to put into getting off, or lingering effects of his illness, but he now found himself incapable of staying awake for more than a few seconds, after an orgasm.

Which was why he could no longer masturbate on weekend mornings. Before getting sick, Danny had routinely jerked off every morning, either while still in bed or when he took his shower. But now, it was only an option in weekday mornings, after his parents had left for work. He had done it just once, the first Saturday after he came home, and his mother was so panicked, when she found him still in bed and groggily sleepy, that he decided to forego any morning pleasure when she was home. He didn't worry about Karen, who was on her summer break from college, just like he was, from hight-school. If Karen didn't have to get up for work, Danny could go back to sleep for hours and still get out of bed before she did.

He woke up before 6:00, on Saturday morning; he had always been an early morning person, which was part of the reason his mother panicked when she had found him in bed, at 9:00. To Danny's surprise, he smelled coffee, when he went down for a bowl of cereal.

"Hey, Dad" Danny said, upon seeing who was filling a travel mug. "What's up?"

"I've been on conference calls, since 3:30," Mike sighed, wearily. "I'm going to have go to the office."

Mike was a lead software developer for a company that provided services to financial businesses trading in all of the world's major markets. The software he managed had to be running day and if something went wrong that couldn't be fixed, by the operations staff, he generally got called.

"Can't you fix it, remotely?"

"The VPN concentrator is down," Mike said. "We took a power hit and a UPS failed. VPN is down and half a dozen other systems aren't coming up clean. It's going to be a long fucking day."

Mike rubbed the stubble in his chin and, under his breath, added, "After a short night of fucking."

"That's too bad."

"Do me a favor, will you?" Mike asked his son, before leaving.

"Sure, Dad."

"Tell your mother where I am, when she gets up."

"No problem."